e
e e
[Music]
every watching now will
we
[Music]
to now it's just you
andri we F the wind
in I don't want to
feel any
any and I just to feel you
baby I just to
[Music]
feel I just want to feel feel your
love
[Music]
close the way
we perect the
[Music]
way
I now it's just you and all
ofri we you fly
car
instead I don't want to feel
so
[Music]
anymore and I just to feel you
baby I just want to feel
your I just want to feel you love
my heart
[Music]
is and
I could never live
without
[Music]
you I could never forget
let's foret the world
tonight but
[Music]
you and I I just want to feel you love
oh
[Music]
I just to
feel I just want to feel love
[Music]
our
grave we've all come out
change it's only
[Music]
enough enough enough thank you very
nice hello
everyone I forgot to open
Windows Windows is not open yet give me
just a
moment everyone talk to my windows VM
like it's a a stupid animal that is not
very good at anything and has no
Talent unable to connect to Virtual
window camera to Windows 11
now try to connect this USB device later
help me solve this problem no do not
help me solve this
problem do not open windows it's cold
you're right so
sorry um
okay I'm going to
undeen budy don't be
frightened here I
come oh yeah it added the wolf gr that's
nice I mean the how the man hack siren
something something something
um I have really good news
though to all the Lampert
fans he's coming
home I found him and he's coming
home which is great
news I did my research and I found
him so that's the good news
okay we're continuing uh black MSA
today lamper uses he it lamp pronouns
but honestly you could probably just
call him whatever the [__] you
want and I've decided
after rekindling my love for
Takis cuz it's been years since I had
them as like a regular thing in my life
I declare this thing the official Violet
Pony
snack so if you want the Violet Pony
meal you have to have
this and uh that's the Violet Pony meal
it's just that and nothing
else do you do meetups no one would want
to meet up with me I promise I am not
interesting in real
life okay we're
continuing O's pronouns can be Takis
that's whatever you feel like my
favorite swans album is uh the glowing
man everyone's like when I saw a couple
comments of people being like Oh my
goodness the the sludge sludge has like
a like a bring the Sun moment which is
like only half true cuz really it's a uh
a glowing man
moment and glowing man just has the same
sequence as the I bring the sun except
it's longer and slower wait no faster
it's
faster yeah I I I saw some people say
bring the sun which was very interesting
um I I personally like the glowing man
better than bring the sun in terms of
songs um
uh hold on before I before I go into the
halflife before I go into the black Mesa
before I go and bring ciso back from the
dead where can
I okay
um let me see if I can get my swans
collection cuz I'm very proud of
it my favorite Shu album is oh [__]
the Takis hit my throat hello the
dust it's
settling um my favorite shio album is a
girl with basket of fruit it's okay
vadie it is okay but girl with basket of
fruit uh where the [__] are the photos I
took I'm going to lose it just a little
bit
you could probably find it on social
media faster than I can find it in my
actual
thing okay I found the CDs I have to
find the vinyls
now actually if are there okay I found
them no one panic I found them
now just let me just get these on my
computer
quickly
okay
so these
are photos of my swans
collection these are all the vinyls so
it's all the studio
albums plus uh public castration and uh
the swans EP hold on B I'll screen share
I forgot I wasn't screen sharing that
here we
go so this is this is just the vinyls
but I also have the C these
CDs which includes the one of 10,000
dequ uh signed by Michael Gira i h i can
just show that actually where is
it J Quest is way at the end of the
collection but
also yeah the the burning world is good
and I understand why people don't like
it if they're fans of swans but if you
if you gave someone the burning world
and no other like swans albums to listen
to people would still love it because
it's good it's just a weird one for
swans that's all um
delence
signed very
nice um
and the story with my interest in swans
is very funny because I discovered Swans
in 2021 which was a very late very late
to get into swans I think um and when I
first heard it I heard the the sear
Trilogy and I was like yeah this is good
it's fine it's whatever I wasn't like
super into it I was just like yeah it's
good and then
uh I don't think I listened very much
again after the the trilogy until 2022
or 2023 I was
2023 when I was getting into the no wave
uh Deep dive
stuff and then I was like oh [__] this
like early
stuff over here was
all contributing to like the no way
stuff um and that like kind of
recontextualized this this the the sear
Trilogy to me it's like oh I kind of
understand the angle that they're coming
from now and like it made me appreciate
it so much more and then I was able to
get into all their music and like I
don't dislike any of their albums the
only one that
like is like just okay to me is probably
love of life and maybe they're the 2010
one rope to the
sky and other than that I'm like a super
fan of all these albums
if I had to uh should I should I do wait
should I do a swans ranking hold
on maybe I should do a swans
ranking I do [__] with radi head radi
head was one of my first Inspirations
when I was a
kid um I don't have any Talking Heads
physicals right now
because it's so easy to get them but
it's like I've been focusing more in
like the things that might not be around
for very
long or might be hard to get in the
future Talking Heads has staying power
Talking Heads has been has had staying
power since you know when the 80s and uh
it's not going anyway anytime soon
so you hate swads that's
fine
um swads is just not for everybody
a lot of the music I've been getting
into and making is just not for
everybody it's like completely
understandable I love that [__]
though I did a swans tier list a while
ago but I'm going to re-evaluate
it
uh yes let's let's re-evaluate
it just taking these out really quickly
love of life does feel distant it it
feels like
music that was recorded in my dream and
not exactly in the best way it's it's
like sort of hazy and vague um don't
worry for whoever said they hate swans
this tier list the way it is right now
is just for
you this is your swans tier
list um but okay
uh okay these are no particular order
down here
um uh I think I think my father will
guide me up a rope to the sky is like
just
okay burning world is very good in my
opinion love of life is just okay and
that's kind of where all the middling
albums go for me and that the rest is
just going to be up from here I think um
some of these placements might be very
interesting for some people so obviously
SE Trilogy just gets perfect CU it's
perfect to me uh filth gets perfect cuz
that shit's insane here here comes my
some of my controversial picks
okay I
think this whole series should go in
perfect it is like some of the ugliest
weirdest most
jilted distorted dystopian post
capitalist music in the world and it's
so it's just it's just done
soly I love
it
um children of God
here the bunny
here
um
huh the
beggar I I would say that it's like
right in between amazing and very good I
actually I mean I I covered un forming
from this album I really like this album
but in terms of like when you compare it
to these ones I don't know it's just
like just underwhelming not in a bad way
just like it's just
quiet um the great Annihilator should
definitely go up top there soundtracks
for the blinds up there and then leaving
meanings just like
uh just
here I think that's my Cur my one list
was different a bit ago this is my
current
one wonder if David burn knows who viop
Pony is I hope he does because I love
him did I write a whole story for
monarch of Madness what a crazy
name I should have named it
that well okay what when I do a live a
live tour which is never going to happen
uh the Monarch tour is just going to be
called monarch of Madness the monarch of
Madness
tour U yeah this is this is where my spa
list would be honestly this could go in
either either or
here and white light is like really good
but it just it's just like the again the
energy and the intensity of the ones
that I put up top here is just like not
as present
um I can't really bring myself to
dislike any of these albums at
all uh cuz even when you think about
stuff like uh rope to the sky [__] like
eaten prison is like one of the some
crazy [__] that they're doing when
they're off their Prime it's kind of
crazy uh swans are dead probably goes up
top
perfect oh and yeah public castration on
here C are going up top as
well public so so like all the albums
fill through cop public what public
castration does it turns that into
like just like public execution music
and it's insane
I I for the
uninitiated also I I had no idea what
that message was I did not catch it
probably best I
didn't if I need should I ban them I
have no idea if I need to ban them or
not
um let's I want to for the uninitiated
I'm going to play uh some of the public
castration uh from YouTube
that sounds like maybe the most
terrifying okay I'll ban them I don't
know what they did but I trust
you
um what I what I just said is is
probably like the most insane things
liter I haven't actually listened to yet
but I've seen their CDs a bunch in in
the record shops and I know I want to
listen to
them I feel like similarly I actually
listened to gospel for the first time
like last year or the year before which
I feel like is is a
similar
something maybe I'm wrong but it felt
like it when I was seeing them in the
same charts they seem like they were
very similar and like kind of ethos
anyway who's ready for public castration
on stream everyone
ready please don't freak
out so we're talking about the 1986 like
live tour for swans this is the kind of
[__] we're talking about this this is
like 100% what some of the Monarch stuff
was inspired
[Music]
by Let's Go Terra
what
else this
[Music]
any this shit's some my favorite [__] of
all time now so uh
so shout
out oh it's funny is a lot of a lot of
the music that that's performing like a
lot of the music that's doing
live sounds completely different from
the live
versions Michael look is chroma ke he
kind of does he was kind of green
alien but also um for a second I thought
you you were saying that Michael gear
needs to be put through chroma a AKA
pitch
map which was which
was I was like oh yeah Michael gar could
be like a pretty hyper poop girl that's
fine I think that's the thing is is like
I I've I've been very hesitant to do
stuff that's like considered like
traditional metal CU it just it it felt
like me personally I would probably do
it wrong and I would mess up the
intensity so when I discovered a lot of
that stuff like the industrial noise
Rock no wave Etc Etc Post Punk era music
of things I was like that is something I
think I can do that will allow me to
actually portray this intensity in a way
that doesn't feel as unachieved as U how
I would probably attempt to
medal
okay um I was just playing half I was
doing so I just finished halflife one
the other day started on my halflife 2
playthrough
again and uh we're also doing uh black
Mesa on stream like it's just it's just
a just a halflife kind of day kind of
week kind of
month I think what's funny is after
after I finish the black Mesa play
through um
I I I think I might want to do the the
the halflife
one bad Google Translation on stream and
then halflife 2 on stream as well like
we're just going to get through all of
it okay this is where we were we just
finished the Little
Beast the teeny tiny little beast
and uh
yeah am I halflife to playr I just I
just hit father gregori and I got to go
through uh Raven Holm again and like
damn I'm going to miss the shotgun sound
from Half Life 2 because the shotgun
sound in this game is not is just not as
uh intense
we don't like the store
so here we are with The Adventurous of
ciso you're going to put a door
here and tell me I can't go through it
it's like the perfect place for oh
you're not supposed to go there type
[__] thank
you okay there's valve classic
valve hello
average United States
highway y average United States Highland
okay
um okay so I need to go back up yes I do
the world is going to end uh welcome to
the Violet Pony Universe uh thank you so
much for your kind words now your next
task is to listen to I'm
creepy I just need people I just need
people to know that the most likely
outcome is that the first thing I
uploaded after the Monarch album release
is probably just I have top five videos
to too like that's probably just the
next thing that's actually getting
uploaded like back to back like I'm so
into giving people this Whiplash it's
just so funny to
me CU I I'm getting a lot of new
listeners in an influx I haven't seen
since cutie marks and it's like okay how
do we make this even funnier top five
videos too to
is top five videos in experiments no
it's a thing I do for
Joy something feels devious about this
room in a way that I'm not
sure oh this feels weird after using the
USP yesterday
an acquaintance recommended listening to
your albums in order from first to last
which is what I plan on doing um if you
are a new listener if you not heard my
music before that is going to be the
funniest possible experience and I wish
you so much luck in that
I have seen pantana's reaction to play
that I'm glad he liked
it his his little steak faces were were
very
funny Let Me In
you know I I've never used the mines
very
much but maybe we'll try and find some
funny opportunities this this
player B isn't in game Badd isn't in
game no because
it this is a single player your
game uh it will return when we switch to
Minecraft
perhaps when is it the baby feature
getting released I don't know probably
soon I'll I'll I'll give him a
call don't call the baby at 3:00
a.m. power up sludge Rix fishing to baby
some I was thinking that like the
opening part to Wallflower equation and
the opening part to sludge could make
like a crazy trap beat like
genuinely it's not even a joke because B
can can vouch for the fact that I
actually did do that with
sludge and it was reacting constantly in
horror to what I was doing I didn't save
it so unfortunately uh I can't prove
that it existed but baddy can vouch for
me
oh
Gargantua okay so you better bet that
this is where my deaths are going to
increase as they usually do
um I actually haven't listened to you
Bo's music but I saw that they actually
followed me on Instagram a better ago so
maybe we need to link
up stop Gargantua stop I'm trying to
look at the [__] [__]
man oh my God
can I see him from
here there he is the
[__] she serves [__] every day of her
life
no how do I get
in at least I that
wait oh n
there she is how
nice so
okay what am I supposed to do in this
situation cuz this is clearly different
from
halflife one and how you go about
this it it didn't feel like I could get
into that
door which is I'm pretty sure where
you're supposed to go in half life one
normally oh there's
that okay
here comes the funniest thing
possible stop it just stop it stop
blowing your blue talkie dust at
me stop it
what
I might as well take the shotgun the
[__] is this going to break yes
the free man is actually
Cicero cisero is Cicero but Cicero is no
CIS hero nice 21 let's
go Jesus you don't know how close you
were to get between eyes listen Mis if
you can get the power on that train down
there will take us to the surface I
would try myself but it's a long way
down to the generator room and
there's things in the
way okay Baldi
basic are you going to look over
here oh it doesn't know how to see
through the mirror what if I do this
okay don't want to jump the gun or
nothing but looks like you can handle
this one yourself yep don't need
you wait I want go this way I have to go
down
minations hello oh there we go
dude sus no
full shotgun blast to the body does not
die falls down too far dies instantly
vaporized into a fine powder how lovely
thanks for nothing
oh that was
nice of course it saved me right next to
you of all
people okay Walk This
Way nice
oh there's the ladder
fellow hold on let me just reload for a
second they didn't want to wait
hold on I know they're there
so F let me just reload for a
second they started waving at me they
they saw the grenade they like oh hello
they're like hi it's like stop drop and
roll Soldier or something 21
cisero is
hungry cisero is
hungry did he just call me a slur
let me just let me just switch to
my
no
no that did not make it
crypto investment from top five videos
listen vid might be an idiot but not
that much of an
idiot oh hello you're so sweet to do
this to me
poke poke your head
out all right me let me just reload for
a second I know I'm on two Health but
just let me
reload
okay sorry I forgot the AK spray
pattern I know this is an MP5 but the
laughter begins at midnight
therefore guys don't laugh
but it's time to
laugh hold on covers for
losers I play Doom not Battlefield
guys I could technically get 100
Health but would it be funnier to leave
it at
99 holy
[__] buddy old pela sister was like holy
[__] stop scream
I swear to God that person just said
I've got a gun like I know I can wait
that is burning thank you okay let's get
back to 99
Health nice perfectly 99
wait they said fire in the hole I
thought they were throwing a
grenade false advertising just like
crypto I have no more grenades for my
MP5 and I know they're going to pop out
once I walk over here
no I guess they uh they're The
Thinker
whoa
unfair oh my
goodness I'm going to take way too long
in this section for no reason
I'm getting so much like screen shaking
whenever they do damage to me hold on
let me just reload for a
second oh my God they're running so much
okay no we're [__] around I'm going
to keep [__]
around hold on let me just realiz why
why am I [__] around
excuse
me man man I'm going to be so honest
with you you're constantly saying very
strange things I'd recommend not doing
that if you keep saying strange things I
am going to ban
you move away
just click on their heads it's not a big
deal oh I did
where's The
Hider
Jesus I'm just get a quick save because
it's funny to do that
I see why I do
things oh
B okay let's let's try
this does grenade cooking actually work
in this game
where's my cover fire assists this is
Battlefield
now please this is so pathetic of
me all right turn the
corner okay
now moving
someone's going to turn the corner here
right
no okay they all just like went over to
that side of the
[Music]
map is there like a screen shake option
for this game that's my
question not
really it's fine it's probably just a
skill
issue okay I'm just going to consider it
a skill issue
then
wait this is so
unusual cuz I know I take this
what is this strange new
world I'm not trapped down here
right I didn't just trap myself down
here wait but this is where you take the
elevator where's the
elevator I am so
confused oh now I'm here wait but then
the elevator's over here
[Music]
right what is going
on okay maybe the elevator okay no
actually I get it now the elevators
needed to to go back up look I'm not
silly I can figure things
out okay cool I understand now I'm no
longer
confused and with this can't do that
because we need to go do the
[Music]
[__] down there
okay guys I got the printer unstuck
wait they took out the little bastard
worms
too guys why did they take the bastard
worms out of this
room this is so sad they make my life
worse which is why they should have kept
them
attention sorry black m
blet
jables one grenade for the military
coming down
here come on
oh
um why are you hitting a [__]
pose it's kind of fire so I want to make
this a dance move
excuse me for a
second let me just reload for a
second hold on let me just reload for a
second
yeah interacting with nothing will make
a
sound you have been disarmed
fetch me there
Souls I put another round of
vodka that's Daniel from Call of Duty
Zimbabwe
I have the chance to do the funniest
possible thing right
now no you don't even know how halflife
works ciso
you don't have to be that
dramatic why can't I get the flashlight
gun
let me just
reload [__] what why did he throw a
grenade Point BL he said I don't [__]
care anymore just kill
me no no stop you didn't give me time to
process
that thanks thank
you why are you turn why are you turned
around that
way stop
that's why real ones know that smelvin
is
approaching I'm never going to make
it you just did you were sitting over
here I'll just slow you down
[Music]
okay okay
so this is where I'm going to be
slightly confused probably
halflife trolley
problem wait how do I get out
oh I figured it
out stop it stop
it so okay I'm never going to make
it you better go on now I wasn't going
to go with you anyway
so don't don't give me
that
okay where is the
kitty I have to go in there don't I
where exactly am I supposed to go
here out and down the large hallway past
the spinning light
oh that's
nice it straight up will not let me
what am I
missing
switch
switch oh
downstairs uh natur
tring thank
here there we go
[Music]
in my previous playthrough of halflife
when you had to do it the normal way the
gate remained locked for some reason so
I had to no clip
here's a question could I technically
use this
one you can take
either oh the
choices DK save it AR chileta
hey it's Freeman right hold up one of
your scientist pal said they give you a
message uh you're supposed to take this
old rail system up to some sort of
satellite delivery rocket or something I
don't know where it is exactly the old
guy was so worried about getting out
alive he didn't think to stop him tell
me any
the main thing is the military aborted
the launch so when you find the rocket
well if you find the rocket you'll have
to get up to the control room and launch
it yourself he said something about a
Lambda team needing a satellite in orbit
if they were ever going to clean up this
mess now get going I'm going to stick
around and help any other stragglers
I'm loading
[Music]
a
what didn't mean
[Music]
is there something to see up here
is that it that was so
nice
beade for
no
no no
[Applause]
rning
wait does this not electrocute you
anymore
is
let
h
okay so what am I doing
oh I have to find valve
again get in there
Val wait does that not Val
is this not for
valal do I got a finesse
this is not
real do I actually have to put it in
there or this go somewhere else
oh other
place well that was really
Pleasant that was also really Pleasant
that was nice
what's all this
then
okay detected it Migra vital signs are
dropping power
15% the fungus Brothers have arrived
why does the shotgun not like to connect
with head crabs is such a question I
have I feel like I already tried to open
this door y
I don't want to hurt the CRA head cops
either but they they attack me first
one oh there were a bunch of
them it is probably a terrible idea for
me to go down there right now right
now but I'm going down there right
now oh it's
fine wow there is a
yeah
I'm everyone's going on timeout
today like what the [__] is going on in
chat today you guys need to relax
hello
nice everyone needs to behave or else
I'm just going to start deleting
comments and banning people
how
how how
okay crouching so [__]
low nice
oh my
God
like we eating chicken
tonight favorite thing is when these
boxes they handle with and there's
absolutely nothing inside of them it's
just the boxes are very
sensitive they're beefing right
now let them be
[__]
relax I hit
him oh my
goodness I see what you did
there God damn you got it
good
job Pro
g e my worst enemy weird red herring
box I love the aisle of man the flag
I figured it out join
them shout out to child birth
[Music]
ENT through here nothing's over
there and just when I was starting to
feel lonely sounds like the troops are
fixing to throw you a surprise party
better clear your dance card slick
wait so where are we going
here they're beefing
again let's just walk for be
come on guys you got
this they only take two shotgun hits you
got
this you guys got
this
whoa let go here really quickly you guys
have
fun sorry is this this will make it
easier my voice being close to the
microphone now I can do
this sorry B
on let me just
reload your knees never worked
anyway hold on let me just
reload that wasn't funny guys you were
supposed to beef with each
other what all the way back here
whoa I wasn't even doing anything yet
take this thank
you hold on let me just reload I need to
stop saying
that I to go trigger that person's
dialogue really quickly just because
it's funny
and just when I was starting to feel
lonely yes I know sounds like the troops
are fixing to throw you a
surprise I'm going to help them this
time
well I wanted to help
them Peak I Dare
You
nope he did not hit
Cicero hold on let me not reload ever
again
I just realized there was this thing
here I just going to be using
this well no more
can you stop it it's not funny I'm going
to troll your mother
God why do they take so
much it's so confusing
that would be really funny if I fell
down
there well I probably should fall down
there technically actually I will fall
down there that's why the laughter
begins at midnight
but you look so openable all
[Applause]
crash do it just like the towers
I could have just run over them but it's
fine are there people
there it's
fine they put Nets here
I was going to be like if they make
people start shooting me through these
and they put Nets here so I can't do a
grenade like normally I'm just going to
lose my mind but they're just beefing
with each
other which is
nice hi hello
power
20% oh my God 20 one for
each no
way wait what are we doing here
how do I get
down I like answering my own question
guys they're just head
crabs it's not funny if I die to them
but it's funny if you die to
them taking a full shotgun to the face
and not dying is
insane that's not just willpower that's
just funny
Lenny
yeah
try
this what the [__] I gave them the best
weapon
[Applause]
no I'm with the science
team
gentlemen ition all
Personnel launch control train activated
clear area
[Music]
immediately wait this isn't the rocket
launch is
it this is is preparing for the rocket
launch
right
[Music]
below do you want to talk
yes
mhm
yeah do you want three kilotons of
cigarettes yes but not a Taki
I just have to try and open every
[__]
door what animals do I have at home me
who that that's Nami
let
what what exploded
oh that was normal of
me what the [__] exploded
okay they're just throwing
grenades
no that was a grenade right
there is stairs but who cares that
rhymes bars
[Music]
power
90% this guy
Freeman they say was a ground
zero science team yeah
[__] what so you think this
what
what the [__] I got something for
you I get a
gift guys I have something for
me I kind of do want to reload for the D
is the is the Gargantua stomping around
or is that
just because I'm I'm a little confused
with the pacing of this
version also yeah it says activate
Windows because I'm on
Mac proof of the pudding
oh I'm on Mac and I'm using uh just
Windows
VM what guy on the right they were
turned
around what was
that oh my God
what the [__] going on in uh in half
lifee 2 uh no not half lifee 2 black
basa multiplayer right
now
okay hey I don't even
know all right let's try this
again okay I'm finally losing frames by
the
way let's try and knock this down to
like 1080 and see if that does anything
like could probably
hello I could probably do it with the
frames but I don't want
to let's change this
to is this going to uh why I not be able
to see chat no I should be able to
okay it's lost my mouse
again let's try
again all right who has the who has the
hiccup counter
I feel like we had a hiccup earlier
maybe I'm confusing just being bad at
the game with the hiccups though
[Music]
going
light some
[Music]
cover going your ass
oh SC
reload oh my God
the you got this dude I
promise keep keep trying and go
ahead let me just
reload who's out
Miss oh my
God power 15 I love missing Point Blank
it's
funny I'm not missing anything
power
4% I SH monsters hell yeah with
civilians wared this damn operation
anyway for
[Music]
can't go through here okay this is such
a weird
Recreation of the the rocket
level cuz this is the launch button
right
yeah oh at least I do get to see it
satellite launch system
activated 20 seconds
remaining 15 seconds
10 9
8 standing 6 5 main because 4 3 2 1 Z
La
go guys like what the [__] was the BL
for
that's right you ugly little girl I hate
you and your stupid nose I'm taking
everything from you give me your phone
power level is 9,000 I know where are we
going now
I launch it again that'll be funny
where did we come from did we come from
this way no we came from like am I just
going this way
I'm kind of wonder what that flickering
thing
[Music]
is is like vsync just being
strange
okay thank
you okay I think FN was making
everything
wait I want to e see it eat it
we just taking
this
probably this is good
every real I can have my flashlight on
indefinitely I keep turning it off
habitually
hi don't push me it's pushing me
every
hello
so not here
stop thank you for stopping like I asked
laders is a
no and
get back get
[Applause]
back we get in
going
I am just
might take this one
yes is there
another is it going to make me go find
all the missing uh PES
I will find the
oranges it is my
goal to find the
no oranges
here moving on to a brand new
room with brand new oranges
go go go
move
me I see I
see your
throwing grenades I
now oh joy
so
I just came through this
way but I'm swimming back I suppose I
saw the other way
is this the way to
go I suppose
so but just what was that what was that
downstairs area
like this over
here is this just nothing is this just
for display cuz it's funny
okay it's just because it's funny
you
did you see
it they claim it was hauled from the
Challenger Deep but I'm positive that
Beast hasn't swam in terrestrial Waters
until a week ago
there is a tranquilizer gun in the shark
cage about a week ago sure it would work
on this particular
species you're more than welcome to try
your
[Music]
hand guys let stop at 99
that's really
Pleasant stop it
look out look
out
out I don't have to stay in the cage
I can if I want to
hello is it dead
already well okay
yeah
could n
minor fracture
detected minor lacerations detected
no this is a no hit run
AAS for York and or Luke Skywalker I'm
going to get a different Insurance
because the one that I currently have is
not working out very
well car insurance
what no
no
yummy for
come
Gordon J I see you in the background
[Music]
I caught really excited I thought it was
crude
oil what am I doing
huh
I'm supposed to go over there
what is
happening hello
[Music]
so how am I getting over
there in half i w you just stack these
boxes
here can we can we dispose of us
do I just do this
[Applause]
move I
guess that is such a
finicky whatever he like imagine if I
destroy these boxes
too that's not the solution what was the
solution then
there's a switch somewhere well you know
what I figured it out anyway I
guess should I try and figure out the
normal way
first button on the
side is it half lifee one you just stack
the boxes there
that I swear to God you stacked the
boxes
there you know what I'm doing my method
minor
[Applause]
lacerations the rule against trauma ding
is like trying to just get like therapy
from random chat members you can talk
about your experience that's f it's just
like the the more you the problem is if
you start relying on Strangers to try
and like fix your mental health problems
which is a if it's a difficult
thing if you just talk about your
experiences and Find Unity in that
that's not the same as trauma
dumping I think the problem is is that
everyone usually wants to try and help
which is a good and bad thing because
sometimes bad advice is going to
actually do you worse than good
advice and a lot of strangers we just uh
we're not licensed
therapists someone needs to have an
actual support group dedicated for this
kind of stuff rather than trying to
reach out to
strangers that's part of the importance
of like the art I do I think is that I
cannot be the support someone needs in
their life but something in my art might
be able to give them
pointers for how to try and Achieve
that yeah I'm just realizing I haven't
been stomping on cockroaches
no
shoes oh peace
out people don't people don't say bless
you when you sneeze anymore they just
look at you like the scientist just did
to me
thanks
man Gordon Freeman it is you isn't it
the science team has been tracking your
progress with the black mile security
system fortunately so has the
military that suit of yours is full of
tracking devices still it's better than
going naked in this place it's cold in
there so you'll have to hurry all right
if you want to get nak in a matter of
moments got it if you're bent on
reaching the Lambda complex then you'll
want to keep to the older industrial
areas where the security system is full
of holes it's worked for me so
far okay
me
Gaga why is the air
red no no no you're wrong you're
thinking of
AirHeads the candy
[Music]
I'm almost certain they telegraphed what
doors you can open by putting this
[__] border around them
but I didn't
listen okay
spe
I need industrial nerds to tell me what
this
is
now that's a thimble yeah this is for
sewing big symol this is for the
Gargantua Rond right don't die okay
message for you make sure sure you
don't you
idiot people don't
listen the
[__] stop
it stop it enough
War Vital Signs critical emergency user
death imminent
oh come on
okay I got a message for you don't die
make sure you
don't I what if I could save
him I got a message for
I got a message for
you
no it doesn't
matter it doesn't
matter farewell friend
lot of lot of good that did
you let me just reload
seek medical
attention all right
Gordo whatever you do
do not get
captured power
15% for
hello bro
ATT nice hit that's the guy yeah we got
him all right come on give me AE of
here Jesus this guy is
heavy cisero no where we taking Su
Freeman guy top side re
questioning what the hell for we got
him why not just kill him now what body
uh and this they find the
[Music]
body what body
that was so
nice job got it
oh
do it
again P
again the gusher
[Music]
power 15%
where are we
going that would help
what
it what did that
do oh yes
minor lacerations
detected
for for
[__] minor lacerations detected
what's eating take
I
hey you're being unusual and
cruel br smiley face
no minor lacerations detected
hey hey
cisero don't you know
wait never
mind the
jumper power 75%
we need to go
up green slge monarch of moner there
nothing
else like am I not going to be allowed
to oh
okay like I'm not allowed to open these
doors
[Music]
it's interesting how they will keep so
many of the same scripted
events but then completely change out
their face
so you
finally it's not this way
sure I can make that jump but not the
one from the boxes in the beginning of
the game
right
none of these doors will ever open but
they should just for
me play as
Gord left
oh I had to no I had to swing under
thank you
right
power
6% power 75%
thank
you this so sweet
is quite hazardous I will tell you
is
why do these have to be so much more
powerful
War hazardous chemical
detected my
leg no
my leg
chemical infected
therey your legginess
was there a point to this they going in
this room is it just see don't get shot
at what is the sentence we need an
entire
Marvel there are quite a few of them
unfortunately
[__] killing everyone in this
building why why why I take my leg
away what's the
point what
don't laugh this is
normal don't laugh this is normal
I thought this the this was the leg
suspended for a second I got really
excited so
happy one
two
4 5
[Music]
it couldn't Hy me up
enough I just real I don't have Crouch
har normal
oh
[Music]
thank
you no ammo was good
major fracture
detected automatic Medical Systems
engaged administered there's nothing
down here
so what am I doing
minor fracture
detected
whoa at the look at the C
time
where are we
do
okay thank you
mil power 55%
f
milk don't you worry I'll keep you
safe [__]
we're going run in circles again
to find the right thing
to power
60% power
7 it's actually 77
I get lost in this one even in uh
half this one's so different
huh
back here
again uh
this is purely so we can get back from
up top down
opposite down
so what the
so we're back
here third time in here welcome
back nothing in this area
back to the furnace or
melt it will
survive not a lake of damage okay so now
we're
here only one way to go
my milk my milk help me
obviously not
here I'm not sure what's on the hanging
platform I would like to find
out we're here
again oh wait do I just do it
do I skip those
platforms did I figure it out and I lost
my
chance back to the old grind
I'm not going to scream into the mic but
I will bring my mouth closer to the
microphone do it do it do
it feel the Red Bull
burn so we go here
I'm never getting to that platform ever
in my
life into
here there's a suspicious lack of like
Minds that are trying to kill me okay
don't
fall nice
guys I did
it the gamer is within me
hey what is that
sound like
no
hey thank you
okay no they're going to take my leg
away I [__] hate this
game dog yats
uhhuh that's so
nice
so how are we getting over
this I think I just felt down from the
way we're getting over
this
[Music]
um just punching my dog out of
frustration I hit my dog whenever I'm
mad I don't even have a dog
the hardest part of this game is uh not
not anything but
this pets are useless unless they can
work manual minimum wage wage jobs I
just have to say it
I'm
surfing it's supposed to instakill you
this isn't fun anymore
oh Gumpy flump is up next so nice
can someone do the uh the
Shaggy the Scooby-Doo YouTube poop I'm
so glad something something he's in here
blah blah blah
blah I haven't memorized that
one someone type it so I can recite it
in just a moment
someone type it so I can recite
it thank you
boy am I glad that he he's Frozen in
there and that we're out here and then
he's the sheriff and that we're frozen
out here and that we're in here and I
just dude figure it out
hello you're ruining my
bit I'm tur pressing
buttons
what no my bit
my
bed [__] you saw
waves
fine
whatever I'm not even sad
ammunition
depleted do these not instakill anymore
excuse me for a
second he did kind of die hitting that
Renaissance painting so
true this is where we get the goober
gun
snark what do this what does this mean
is
when do I get my
snarks I just
G man so
beautiful where's my
snark where is my
snark where's my snark
I [__] hate this
game I want my snark that's all I want
the
program you are not following standard
safety procedures because you're a [__]
this is so
funny I got
you oh [__]
no
way we [__] did
it we got it
back it only
took for questionable ethics to be
employed to finally have it
back that is almost the AK spray
pattern for
hey hey
buddy it ain't no good up there it's all
sealed off the only way out would be to
find someone with scanner access who can
open the front
door I'm pretty sure there's a few
scientist hiding out somewhere in the
labs maybe with the both of us looking
we can track them down and get them to
let us out of
here okay I'll cover you I didn't ask
you let me get out of your way here
thank you
I just want my
snarks I just want my snarks does anyone
know when I get the
snarks
stay hey did you hear
something nope
nothing
tart let's mobile
are you kiding right
now pardon me Doc can you access the
mail
server excuse me
okay are you
coming do you remember how to
walk where are you
hi no hard feelings right nope all right
I'll stay
here okay why not didn't want to die
alone
anyway no don't take my thing away don't
take my toilet paper away
stop my leg no my leg
I'll secure this area yeah we might live
longer if we work together
it's the DNA
company my bad doc here for you
like the have
competition that was a really clever
one get in
here I'm waiting right here for you
take this
what they just have uh wall
Haws take
cover go
this version of the map is much more
spraing the cockroaches have some
competition okay this room
again DNA room silly room
wait
okay does that mean I could have gotten
the shotgun like two stages earlier I
went in
there you hear something yep I meow at
you
you ever seen anything like
this
paper when you are
doc I'll stay back here
did that do anything in
particular all right come with me okay
I'll cover you
let me get out of your way
sorry all right I'll hold down this spot
oh this is
so that just
happened I am just running in circles
mostly
[Applause]
is this possible
sh
okay I'm going to get scrb
now warning blood toxin levels the vital
signs are dropping
no what if I simply say
no
thing Bellow bro I got your back I've
got your front and this is I Carly
Bellow
batter you have any IDE IDE they were
working on this kind of
stuff see what's down
here I'll be damn I think we just found
our
scientists doesn't look like the front
door is an option I'll tell you what
I'll stick around here and keep an eye
on them if you want to go find a way to
bust them out of there don't get too
lost huh okay
[Music]
I thought this is a shopping cart go to
the shopping
mall big fungus little rats
not a big deal oh my
God
deed no
what
snark snarkle
Pizza
Pizza okay let's see
no you're not doing
this okay tell me tell me tell me the
plan
buddy I'll be damn I think we just found
our
scientists doesn't look like the front
door is an option I'll tell you what
I'll stick around here and keep an eye
on them if you want to go find a way to
bust them out of there don't get too
lost
huh don't start mewing up a storm h
so
nice wait the
danger minor lacerations detected
the danger I'll be damn yeah I think we
just found our
scientists yeah doesn't look like the
front door is an option no I'll tell you
what I'll stick around here and keep an
eye on it if you want to go find a way
to bust them out of there oky Dory don't
get too lost H don't M with much now
so
lovely so
friendship that's so
nice Who Am
I who am I
is this like a Zen teaser or is this
what Zen kind of looks
like sorry I thought I thought at the
bottom here where the Energy symbol is
like the the hvv suit thing I thought it
was popcorn for a second I was like oh
my God I got popcorn and black m out of
nowhere look at it it's popcorn
it's so
nice this thing's like a little cow
that's its head that's its body those
are its legs down there it's like
feeding out of a trough look so pretty
and now it's studying I wonder what it
sees
[Music]
go for
f
no
no yay what the
[__] we raise our glasses
High pizza is ready for collection from
the staff
canteen for
me did you hear that pizza
oh we're already here
okay put that down it's a prototype why
aren't we using this thing it's much too
unpredictable let it
overcharge what do you
mean I don't know why I stood next I
knew it
exploded
okay to actually
try why are you focusing me
already power level is 100%
oh
my
detected automatic Medical Systems
engage why are we using this thing too
unpredict let it
overcharge what do you
mean Mr crops
where's the
thing where's the
thing oh there it
is is it
there right no that was just ammo for
do I not get it in this
room or am I just not
seeing was gracious this guy's never
stopped
okay before I exit this stage I will
check all the rooms just in
case there it
[Applause]
is who who who
wo w
[Music]
oh
oh I can't pick that one up
huh okay that's on
[Applause]
[Music]
what the [__] did stand up
right where did my light go
why does this game not want me to have
leg there we
go one of I need to I need to
recount no I don't I'm PR sure it's
done yet
that should technically do it but just
in
case this is a classic way of doing
it okay you just take the power out
yes you're liking
this no no no no my
[Music]
why yeah I got
it what does this game I'm pretty sure
it's cuz it's an entity part rather than
like just a normal object
so that's just going to get unloaded but
whatever
a fellow scientist oh thank
God get us out of here before those
military figure out where we're hiding
we all have retinal
scanner Gordon Freeman
on get us out of here before those
military drones
[Music]
figure love this before those military
drones figure out where we're hiding we
all
have okay no more
it's not funny anymore the joke is us
out of here before those military drones
figure out where we're
hiding are you insane
stopit did my mouse just die I think my
mouse just died wait no no it's fine no
no okay never mind I thought my mouse
like my lock ran out of battery like can
you [__] stop it now that's out of
here before those military drones figure
out where we're hiding we all have
retinal scanner access if you escort us
to the lobby we can finally get out of
this damn
lab yes but you'll have to shut down the
surgical unit
first that fool Peters looked it on but
I'm afraid he never made it
back it's not a big [__]
deal just like one
dude don't you know like tragedy is all
statistics why are we why are you having
human emotions over something
15% I know what I must
do actually really
don't do I just Sprint
nice work doc yes
fantastic all right folks let's get the
hell out of
here they're like they're like so R like
he didn't make it starts crying and then
they once they're once the do are with
like running over his body like not even
giving a
[__] a close [__] don't worry guys
my like wait wait what what is it anyone
else think this was a bit too easy
something's not
right Gordon you don't mind taking a
look do you you we'll stay here for a
moment I'll cover
[Music]
them okay
thank
you here we go
in
[Music]
there let me let me
just let me just
relax H my stubborn 500 SN on of the
military
[Music]
um Dam it
oh my
God stop spotting me with the
[Music]
leg it is kind of hard to aim with
the thing
[Music]
hello it blocked my sh it said shut the
[__] up you're losing too many times
the SMG is like slightly hard to aim
with because the the I do like get lower
frames when there's a lot of enemies on
screen load load load load the load the
leg load the
leg thank you
I wish I had the grenade
launcher working
[Music]
just
like I I probably have to use the SMG
it's just where did the light go
oh just it's a pain to aim
with you know what just for this
section I'll turn on the cheesy ass uh
auto aim
hello oh it's so [__]
ugly I can't even do it with the with
the auto aim it's so
funny do I have to stand behind cover
the entire time
time I just want to run around
[Music]
Jesus
Christ just
what I'm
banned yeah I can't click save
there I'm a genius at this game
but now when I quick save the leg is not
going to be there if I die again
[Music]
please okay I'll remember to reload the
R8
too just give me a
second okay
please I have aim hacks let me
[Music]
win oh my God it the auto a really is
super
bad okay
fine I'll do it
normal Christ
sakes
okay it's everyone ready
wa
[Music]
like holy
[__] why is this so
hard it also automatically switches me
to the uh weird ass gon
[Music]
oh my God
that grenade seriously didn't kill them
shout out to this one pole
how is this
happening it does sound like something
good
fire okay the music is like great and
all but it's so goddamn loud
go
[Music]
I swear to God yeah I know the
ceiling this is
so dumb as hell
this shit's so stupid the grenades do
nothing but the grenades kill me so
hard this is like ridiculously hard for
no reason am I like am I like
wrong am I tripping a little bit or is
this like really a little bit too hard
for no
reason I don't even use this I don't
know
why I need to try and focus the people
[Music]
holy
[__] least you feel better than everyone
else struggled with it but
like huh
why did I switch to that
[Music]
how I was behind the thing
yeah Ro
priority so SI of this already let's be
over oh my God
if only my weapons did damage to
[Music]
them this was always like a non problem
in this section like there was only took
two people who were in this room once
you get back here at the most
why does this take so long
okay this actually getting frustrating
just a little
bit a lot of
it lot a good that's doing me
[Music]
hello
that was a double shot of the
[Music]
shotgun like so confused
okay I don't think I'm insane I think
the camera Shake is like really [__]
up
[Music]
here a quick sing in the middle of
this do I even need
[Music]
hereo did I even need
to are we done
oh my
God what you
did my God it's hell out there the
facility is itary
control you'll have to sneak
and I don't you'll meet many of our
peers along the way if you somehow
survive long enough to make it across
the base you'll find the Labs where the
rest of the science team has taken
shelter I couldn't dare risk venturing
out there but I can inform those of us
who remain in the lamb the complex that
you are
coming now don't go running pel Mel into
this bloody war zone he made that suit
AR my God what are you doing
[Laughter]
than help help now don't go running pel
Mel into this bloody war zone even with
that suit the odds are stacked against
you if you simply stay out of sight and
listen to me may just live to see the LA
Labs oh that sucked so
bad this is where
we I'm going to hang back a bit and help
out these two take care of yourself out
there huh wait is that
Barney he's
loading Gordon maybe if
you good job
good
job good job
you kidding
me how did none of those connect in
okay
Cicero
that was my
fault not this [__] again
is
feel like I should find quick save at
this
point okay okay
the
ammunition
depleted no that
say going
here oh
yummers I was scared I thought I was
going to lose my leg but I wasn't even
carrying a leg
the leg was a
lie I did not mean to switch to
[Music]
that I don't have any more grenades
what
like I've been saying I'm just so not
used to halflife feeling like a cover
shooter except maybe like the final part
of halflife
too but that where that's where it feels
like it makes the most sense cuz it's
like the final part where everything's
supposed to be overwhelming
anyway the like I said no more legs
I don't like
that you know what snarks
[Music]
go why I reload at this moment
why did one one of them go all the way
over here and I don't see
them oh they might have simply
died that would make
sense what I didn't realize I was that
low on health
snarks go
[Music]
I even can see whenever I shoot I start
losing
frames quick save for fun
I got something for you ready get
down watch out guys brag out
like why are they throwing so many like
high quantity engagements one after
another
power
30 power
4 goodness my friends
power
[Music]
on
I was going to try and do something
funny but no longer the funny
[Music]
this is not what I'm supposed to
do I probably need a rocket launcher
right don't tell me have to start that
all over
[Music]
again I need the the rocket launcher
right
for that
[Music]
how is the music so loud still
it's nice and all oh it STS so
much
appropriate so you said top Canon
I'm so good
I like completely forgot what section
this even
was like this level is so unintelligible
to me but then I'm realizing oh those
are the like
silos like I didn't even know what
section this was at first
sorry I
forgot ta
did it save
there yes
they better have not made the mine
section worse
okay that's that's a nice touch to make
the mines
visible it's it's it's it's very
pleasant that I will not have to do
Insane platform for no reason Le go the
same
actually I heard they made it harder
just for you oh it's really
nice crowbar Collective heard I was
playing like
uh we saw those FPS spikes we have a
surprise for you so
nice wait is the helicopter not going to
bother me cuz I destroyed it
nope everyone forget what I just said
oh it's
gone what
so what was this
[Music]
though I'm still so tilted from the the
plaza
encounter it was really sweet of them to
do that
[Music]
I do think it runs off of Gatorade
what
okay this was the health pack I was
looking for just a second ago
power
18 power 95%
s
where are they hello God damn out
power
85% power level is
100% this looks
openable
oh wait
what okay sure
so okay
squ it would be nice if you could forget
about
frean I
minor lacerations
detect why does it why do these look
like Wi-Fi routers
dude minor lacerations
detected important question do these
mines instakill as well
where C houseal okay so we want to get
any of these two ways I think
okay this is just
satisfying okay
minor lacerations
detected the Crosshair is a little bit
difficult to see with these colors in
the background
oh my God my
health it's always had crowns that's so
nice okay you know
what AM mission
deed
minations
DET seek medal attention warning Vital
Signs
critical anyone know if I could change
the cross here
like look at this
[__] right there it's like basically
invisible I don't think
so unless it's a console thing which it
very well might
be put a sticker on your monitor
how does this have
Collision look I can I can't shoot
through that
minor lacerations
detected like snarks go
that's something
oh is this
the oh no it's not maybe it does no it's
not wrong part
here we
go where is
it I'm forgetting everything oh it's my
favorite part
iPhone
go I really should have brought my
iPhone out
what
please I'm getting
[Music]
crushed I find my lack of Health
exciting
d
what wait what
how am I supposed to get down there
I jump on of that thing or what cuz I
have like no
Health it's so unusual
I do
this what the [__] is
happening where do I
go do I have to make that jump
I'll try
it oh but on this
thing like what the [__]
how did that not
kill okay that is the way but I have
nine [__]
Health there's no way I can do this
right
now here
[Music]
oh so now orange doors don't open
did I miss did I miss the rocket
launcher
somehow I better not have
there he is go get
him fire the hle
80%
uh-huh my favorite thing is like where
is this supposed to go in in in this
world where where does this bridge go
got
is
there's the rocket launcher
[Music]
okay I think this is where I'll stop for
black I feel like whatever the
next so we'll switch to Minecraft after
I brv real
quick sir why not save
twice uh Windows
die
die okay
okay I will have a quick be right back
and uh be right back
[Music]
be
you
[Music]
thees that fored
me are now My
Wish
falling from the
oh
[Music]
the
he
[Music]
be
sure there's enough
to
[Music]
STS
the
[Music]
[Applause]
let's go
n
[Music]
and
world
[Music]
as the goddess Wills
it's
let's do this me
[Applause]
hey what do you think of this
[Music]
no
no no
more hi
hi oh my god
daddy hold
on I see it
I see
it I do see
it let's put it
on so
beautiful so wonderful
oh also I think I think this was
uh I think lampart technically has that
texture just I draw him so Bare
Bones but I think I think lampart I
think lampart looks like that why is
lampart kind of ARA
colored it's kind of true
okay lamper is Arya
no ler ises the
ARA never
never
never oh that's
right the disappointing cave how
nice I I I have seen Arya and lamper in
the same
room that's that's that's the
rub don't call Lamp part lamp part
you're
baiting but what is that
though it says sus at the bottom of your
team R you should be scared
I think where I'm heading is just where
we came in
through there is no Cave of
Wonders yes I remember this is the
triple Sher
how
blessed I think I can run
here wait am I moving faster this way
I'm crouching right
now I am moving faster this
way how
this is so
peculiar if I crouch now and I start
jumping it doesn't work but if I Sprint
Crouch Jump Then it
works has that always been a thing
this is so
strange hitting something seemed to make
it
stop I believe this is already
here
there's more this
way I see the uh M shaft I
think how many torches do I have oh jeez
F you have to fight
them one stack of torches after this one
I just is there
hope hope for something interesting I
don't think so
what
h
I might perhaps
just I don't jump for critical hits cuz
I'm lazy
usually with single player games I tend
to just
play leisurely
you can TP oh okay you see
me the only time I'll really start
putting an effort is if like it's a
multiplayer game and other people depend
on
B see a trial chamber I don't know if
I'm very interested in it right
you need a
sword why are you punching it though
stop stop stop stop stop stop
stop there debating actually really
picking up the
eye yeah
all these diamonds and I do not use
28 torches left oh my good
Lord what the [__] is up with this
place it's got to be the biggest like
vertically oriented
cave I've ever scen this thing is
enormous
what I can craft some I just need to see
how much coal I have which might not be
a lot I have none coal
go I have a shield I just made it it's
so luggy
like all this [__] space and
still no ancient city you can
TP chicken
no there is a lot to process right now
holy
[__] I don't want to kill the chicken
all right too
bad was that the first chicken I've
killed all game and got chicken from
not
you helpful
no
coal I might try to head to the surface
that's so
much so much and also so little it's
astounding bigest cave ever and worst
cave
ever yeah I'll do the
same horrible horrible place
just horrible
that was actually really
loud where's my flesh drawer
but look we got cherry blossoms I
suppose it's not all
bad where to put them who knows
maybe here for
fun maybe here for
fun do I have bone meal
somewhere should we grow them at the top
of the 911
Tower can we do
that hold on
wait I don't need that I need
scaffolding scaffolding
works I guess I just have a bunch of
sticks
now I finish putting everything away
okay wait are you the scaffolding
that would help with this
task do I have plenty of
uh where did I have put my thing
my
bambo
bamboo do I need that much
scaffolding not even a little bit also
don't I use all my bamboo I need to grow
more bamboo now
I don't know why I did all
that it's
fine I was not born when the towers
fell actually that's just case and then
we need bone meal do I here yes see
this is actually terrifying
I think we're okay
step
aside Pico you're not up there right
you're down
here I think that's yeah it's got to be
you I'm just like trying to be extra
careful know let you down there
okay here we go
wow V you f the
flowers holy
[__] just wow
all right that's taken care
of it does look like an explosion it's
so beautiful
just
wow
barrels some
whels all gone all gone barrels forever
what who who made my who made my mailbox
this
beautiful I'll keep it I'll keep it that
way do will I organize those never let's
staying in
there now a
barrel Justin the
Barrow don't
the
sleeper
iPhone go
I to put this over here
maybe should probably make a
composter
perhaps why don't we scout out Snoop
Pingas
Town see what it will take to to get him
over here
oh you know what let me go get a
lead h
much should be
good the saxophone I played on keyboard
I demonstrated it last stream actually
was
uh
it's I think it's the acoustic samples
one
for is it Falcon UV it's uvi Workstation
where what the
[__] don't tell me there's a house
underground okay
I much prefer this over a house being
underground cuz I didn't know where they
were you
you go here you love
this benad
drill okay we're going to Creek town
now should we get them down
hold on
sorry one
second turtle yoi
Island come on
schneer there's something wrong with you
okay that's uh Kind of
Perfect
H I don't I don't know how I get away
with sing so loud in an
apartment I'm about to get very very
very tilted very quickly at the towers
h
h h
uh
h
I'm meleen back thank you
I just need them in here so they don't
die come
now
lovely don't go don't
okay good enough
I I oh
cuz that
you guys get to go next to scuba scuba
mic for
now
excellent go be with scuba Mike
oh look who got a
job
what I put them right next to the stone
cutter so now they're Amazon for real
these
oh
one two
six
12 sure that
works okay
hi
well while we wait for the
server I absolve you of your
sins you have been forgiven that's nice
oh
[Music]
[Applause]
oh
[Music]
I'm
considering more after
this I found
go this is just claustrophobic
that's
better so we'll have them all on that
like
this make the floor out of chest that's
a great
idea what I just did it again
H then what if
that seems kind of like a fun idea
funny
I need more wood wood
[Applause]
I'm so excited for Lampert to be here
eventually I I can't believe he's
real fills me with
joish when does it arrive I have no idea
probably within the next week or so
don't remember why this was like
that shout out old oil man from Taiwan
h
not enough what the
[__] well back to the old
grind the ceiling is made of blue
terracotta technically
it is purple but it's blue terra cotta I
promise but it it looks purple cuz it is
purple to our
eyeballs but Minecraft says it's why did
I do that Minecraft says it's blue
it's not just the lighting it's
literally just the Minecraft
way allegedly they did not want you to
use terra cotta they want you to use
concrete for the proper
colors this is nice
it's not the
shaders here it is with the shaders off
just just
purple you have every right to be upset
at them for
it but that is what's happening
blue terra
cotta
evil
21 I wonder what this would be like if I
uh
where are my trap
doors such a crazy
pattern it's interesting though
does that work not
really just this one side seems kind of
wonder if this is the
way
yeah kind of gutting a lot of the
original idea at this point but we've
already done that a million
times simply building on it and uh
building on
it cuz why
not is the pre-evolution of woba fat
I feel like those needs to be stone
bricks instead of
uh
wood or
no no no no
I figured it
out nice
h
and we love Spruce trap doors for some
reason I wonder if I can make this just
a little bit more Dynamic by doing
like it's time to use those sticks I
created
I'm doing something like
this not here cuz the chests are going
to go here
but it impedes my jump but that's okay
good enough
can we technically do this as well the
chest was to open there
yeah and we love
stairs just like silver stream
good luck with your Monarch
listen be
nice is that design kind of crazy
actually
I'm actually okay with that we're
getting rid of so much of the purple at
this point it's kind of really funny
I wonder if I just get rid of the rest
of the purple
just make it
warm warm colors
only okay vote now on your phones do we
get rid of the purple
I keep saying purple should we get rid
of the blue
the blow your
terracotta pieces and just place a
spruce and that's our design
we can make other things with bamboo now
right we can do
uh
bamboo yeah can do the stairs
h
[Applause]
no
[Music]
[Applause]
I's a way to do the automatic comp
big feature up pick for mine Little
Pony my excitement is immeasurable and
my day is improved
okay
[Applause]
I'm probably most proud of the song
sludge feel like something I've been
waiting to accomplish for a long
time medle of Visions is my previous
longest actual song
but it was a whole mix of things to do a
20 minute Prague Rock
thing was a very exciting for
me uh yes Glen franka was an influence
for most of monar in general
not just the horns but definitely
more the guitar walls and
stuff I was talking about it on
stream a few weeks ago
how I've been going into record shops
like every month or so and I've been
trying to get Glen Fran as the
ension for like a
year and I gave up I just ordered it
online and then the literal week
after I ordered it and I got it I found
it in a record shop on Burn Side East
burn
side that was
funny I literally never seen it in the
wild
before had to
happen contortion stuff is pretty easy
to
get that stuff's everywhere here
I think someone of the craziest things
was also recently
how well really the past several years
it's been hard to
find uh bottomless pit Death Grips on
Final and somehow I I I stumbled in one
day and actually just saw several copies
lined up in a row no idea where those
came
from very exciting Discovery though
nonetheless
h
what's going on over here
no
Jim leader Ellie did you happen to see
the genre voting War happening for monra
Monsters on your ear music
because there there is a battle being
fought in in that in that place right
now it's very
amusing oh how Charming
is is
uh I'm pretty I'm pretty sure it last I
checked no wave secondary came back and
then it got voted out
again if by some if by some chance it's
there by the time it charts who [__]
knows what's going to
happen I need
more I can't wait to see the
charms wait did you do a Cadence one you
did you cuz yes yes
it's not there now
okay I think it's funny there's there's
people arguing over whether or not there
is that influence since like I've said
it very openly several times there's
nothing else I can
do um
oh welcome back to Port Robinson's
house see I was thinking ow I was
thinking Avon Prague isn't that made
redundant by just the progressive rock
tag as primary question mark That's what
I was thinking I also don't think there
should be any metal metal tags CU that
makes no sense to me
except for
uh second to last track and her and as
her how echoed Etc which would be uh
sell the black metal L like yeah that
makes
sense so something I do is like I don't
always think about what music I'm making
in the moment and so then it's just a
game of just like okay what does
everyone think my music is this
time always learning
[Applause]
yeah I've seen people who are saying
this is clearly not inspired by Swans I
saw some comments like that basically
one of the funniest
sentiments meanwhile people be like this
sounds like it's influenced by artists
I've never heard of
before I I think I don't know how else
to go about this cuz like the only other
thing I can do is just get in there and
start saying [__] but like the people
who are like talking for me and like
fighting all the other people in the
comment section like it's getting to be
very overwhelming and it was
overwhelming to begin with but I feel
like people need to stop trying
to fight either bait or just ill inity
or just any of
it if someone wants to go in there cuz
it's not going to be me and just tell
people to cool
it when it comes to
rebutting the
denters cuz it's
like it's it's a big deal it's not a big
deal like it's not it's it's like a big
deal but it's not
serious I feel like no matter what I do
people are always going to like go up to
B for me really
vly because of how like targeted things
can
be for specific
demographics
but um
I I really just advise against
it if that's if that's even
possible cuz I know people were out here
saying like crazy [__]
but still crazy [__] it's
like it would die in a
vacuum and it's just people reacting and
having opinions and stuff
I feel like if if rebutting is going to
happen it should be like in smaller
groups away from these
people if that makes sense just
like do it on your own time and your own
spaces these people are not going to
back down just cuz people are yelling
back at them
like I have an account on the website I
interact on the website and use it for
various things and you don't see me
going in there trying to like argue with
people when it's my music or anyone's
music at least not since cutie marks
I vote my own music five stars because
I'm my biggest fan and that's why I make
music cuz I'm my biggest
fan and also if everyone gets to like if
there if there is going to be people who
down vad it for no reason without
listening to it it's like then I I feel
like I get a
say I feel like I get a say in my own
music I think it's pretty
good I love it it's
fun except for Monarch which is not fun
but you know what I
mean
so I don't remember why I was collecting
all that wood I ain't carrying all this
wood the phone's dead
will how that cinic interview came to
the Past uh I genuinely have no idea
just someone reached out to me and I
like hesitate at first cuz I was like
there's no way that the website's
reaching out to
me but it was legit I was just like okay
I'll just do it I put it off for a while
I don't think I accept it immediately if
I remember correctly
um cuz like kind of didn't want to
create more confirmation bias for for
people who
already get
mad but then at one point I was like
actually I kind of want people to
on but they reached out through email
I genuinely didn't think it was legit at
first cuz it's like again why would they
be reaching out to me in
specific I suppose I give the website
traffic maybe not much compared to a lot
of the R Music most
beloved but traffic nonetheless
Gordon ciso did survive the resident
Cascade I am pleased to say
what needs to happen next is fantano has
to interview me so I can be the first
person to use a vtuber model in a fanto
interview
this tree is huge but it's
dying I have no idea if
it's going to get a Fant review but he's
aware of it of the album for sure cuz he
played the first 3 minutes of sludge in
this last new music
Friday Part of Me would be excited for
the Prospect and part of me dreads the
prospect no matter what the score
is like even if he gives me a good
score
there's something about the negative
attention that we bring from his his
people yeah he did play dead stream play
dead on stream he also played a pest
briefly but chat down voted
it very impatient lot
[Music]
okay I think all the trees on my Island
are gone now
we can build a parking garage
finally
exactly okay maybe not all the trees on
my Island
but good enough
no
[Music]
where did my boat
oh that's where IAT
buy why
where it wasn't
you oh why did I think it say said baddy
P
why sorry I just assumed it was Badd
because it will just jump into lava for
fun yeah I am so used to you dying
prosperous that's the other that's the
positive word for this
bridge I remembered
now ruinous versus
prosperous what the
[__] how is that
possible okay
gummy gumbo shrimp for you every day of
your life for the rest of your life
isn't that wonderful
a full fantana review would probably be
very good myself but who
knows I think the thing is I'm basically
not hoping for it but I'm preparing for
it expectation manag
I think the main Silver Lining that I
would see to a review from him is being
able to finally say I got like Pony
furry
music to that
stage which was one of my original hopes
I think I very specifically mean
Pony the reason why rev youw guys are
valuable is not so much for their
opinion but for their
gauge if there's something that fantano
consistently
dislikes because of something that you
usually like then if he dislikes it then
you know okay this is going to be the
best [__] of all time then you know you
don't use them for opinions you use them
as
barometers what was that
door think I went to two more sets of
chests h
six 7 8 9 10
11 that
oh wellow
no
this can become something and this can
become something
what the [__] are you talking about
okay like go off I
guess everyone says hi
soap iPhone
go where are you by buying soup at the
clothes store I mean I'm
soup do I go to
hell I need
gold that's the one thing I was missing
last time
wait how did I get out last time
that's
s the helmet very well done
Bravo what is there to say that looks
like a nether fortress we found that
last time didn't we
oh
you
[Music]
do our just start
digging I have traded with them before I
guess
John pork does not live
here stop saying lies blat
lies for
Bastion
Bastion many two two of them twice of
them this is where the danger reras
begins we have to be extra careful
[Applause]
m
where is it
huh the confusion
I found
go where the [__] is this thing is it up
top
it's
lower but how
is it just
buried oh
m
not much food
left those ones will get mad at me no
matter what right the ones with the axes
the ones that look the angriest
m
what okay
I know they'll get mad at me when I open
a
chest W where is the chest
[Music]
see this one's mad at
me I didn't do anything
yet why is that
why is it mad at me
[Music]
m
I have a
strap which is
legal given the Rules of This
Server are they all going to start
screaming the moment I do
this oh good curse of Vanishing diamond
pickaxe that's what I wanted
and netherite upgrade that's
good that's what we come in here
for so will they have noticed
this
okay so they so if I encase myself they
just don't notice
that is new information to
me I was going to say I'll just teleport
once they get angry at me but I learned
something
new this one's tilted at the towers
I usually have named my weapons after
cool
things but in current playthroughs I'm
just naming them Wolf's
things for
Betty is it safe to TP to
you
nice no idea what would happen if I
teleported to like a
landmark the first time we actually went
into the nether this time
wait you you can't break apart a copper
block can you
oh you can never
mind I'm smart as a
whistle
so can do the same thing with redstone
dust block thing hold on
okay I feel like I need this but I just
need Refreshers anyway
there
bring need the vanishing pickaxe to
something funny Daniel does that
help Dylan
there's no [__] way there's a new
Pickle rck Song by tell the Creator I
just listened to chrom acopia
who wants to listen to an AI
[Applause]
edit iPhone
go for
yeah Ling Pony step is still a thing I
actually just started working on it a
few days
ago tell cluster 2 is
[Applause]
nebulous that one's definitely up in the
air
[Music]
a lot of my artistic goals have just
simply changed very much
iPhone um it doesn't really have
anything to do with the attention that's
on
me I just have grown out of a lot of the
ideas I wanted to do I think
we should see if we can get
sheep Shear them for their
wool rip what
yeah even yeah even Monarch was was
quite different in fact what if I
uh might my audio can be a little bit
louder hold
on hopefully that suffices with being a
little bit
louder um oh wait I don't even have to
do that I can just go
in
and I can just go in over here and say
there we
go should be a bit louder
now
um actually let me disconnect from
Minecraft shortly for short I want to
see if I can play some of the early
ideas for monarch
cuz the original ideas for Monarch were
so
different so so so
different let's
see I think I have to go to a different
folder for some of the earliest ones
let's
see uh I fan Jaan that never got
released I might have to put that out in
like a compilation of like unreleased
things at some point I'm fond of that
song
I don't quite remember saying push was
supposed to be a monarch instrument but
you're probably right about that it
ended up being the thing I used the most
in uh Paradise Valley
instead
okay playing some of these early Monarch
demos will be really funny because it
won't sound anything like what Monarch
actually
became oh
no no don't freeze don't do
it it's
freezing
no nowhere
oh please reload leave
everything I think I know how to fix
that let this load and let this one
not okay well I can't play the very very
very first first demo for Monarch just
yet cuz I had to wait for one of these
folders to like buffer cuz it's from a
uh a hard drive
but let's see here's one of the first
ideas which was interesting it's this is
not going to sound anything like what
Monarch became
[Music]
this was from April of
2023 so before girls R Wizards before
Paradise Valley after
Carousel um do I
have oh here's the original so this is
the original like demo for pest where I
left it
I did not like where this was sitting so
I took a break from this one it sounds
really
[Music]
different this in sounds the same until
you get to right about here
[Music]
and Skip ahead cuz we already know this
part
you so P oh you're such so P yes you're
only a
p you Mountain much too far
over F you your own evil it was just a
demo idea I did not like
it I knew it wasn't going to sound like
that but I didn't know where to take
it let's see if we get the original play
Dad this is play dead for May of
2023 another
horn I see through these
days trying to tell me how it is a space
out
CL
I that was that was also really weak I
just did not like where that was
going um the noise Rock no influences
started coming in around that demo you
just heard which is May 2023 but not
quite in full force
yet let's
see I feel like this was a potential
idea for Monarch that didn't make it
through
either it just is so strange
[Applause]
[Music]
so that was a that was a thing I
suppose um let's go through
here I can see suddenly where I start
seeing Paradise Valley
demos original Revenge fantasy sound
like this
if we were face to
[Music]
face you'd be dead before you
could wish I could
leave
[Music]
you bleeding out in the pl of
day what would they
[Music]
say i' p you like
inside through your
and I think it was still about no okay
at this point it wasn't about Starlight
anymore this is August of
2023 um this would be after the Arya
dream I
had um most of the Paradise Valley demos
are pretty straightforward they didn't
change too much
what was
this okay that was not for that was not
for Monarch that was just a thing I made
here's another one that was for Monarch
and I kind of really like this one still
I I might finish this at some point
[Applause]
[Music]
also fun fact I also made another demo
after Monarch was finished called called
after the monster so I made this after I
finished monarch
uh like obviously it wasn't going to
make it into the album but just for fun
I made this
[Applause]
[Music]
me me in
the what do you
see be my
kill be my
kill be my kill
[Music]
people kept telling me to finish that
one that's not happening probably but
maybe it will who
knows
um okay the other folder loaded so now I
can play the first first demo for
Monarch which
was where was
it okay this is the absolute first demo
for Monarch from February 26th
2023 here we
[Music]
go well you're nothing but kidding
yourself every little smile is a prison
C freedom is a friend that'll do it this
time
time hear the shot in the dark that you
knew was coming at the drop of a heart
you
would and then the way I was going to
continue that demo was
the for play dead you could hear it you
can hear it continue right after that
again it's
like and so I had that in my head and I
was like then I was making a completely
different song and I was like I'm just
going to throw that idea in there
instead and I really liked it better
with play
dead so play dead technically evolved
from this but it's like kind of weird
like psychic tripop
stuff um okay so there's stray demos
that are like okay that's not that's not
that's not Monarch is this okay this was
another this was another Monarch one
[Music]
so there's that there was this this one
was also technically for monarch
[Music]
oh
[Applause]
[Music]
it's just that for another minute and a
half this one was Monarch I
think I just played that
one missed
it uh I don't think this was for Monarch
but there's a demo I made called Bingo
hotline music
[Music]
out of the Monarch slip it right in yeah
I might so now here here's the the issue
is a lot of songs changed titles several
times so so I might play something
and uh I might play something that
sounds like another song or just a
completely different song Al together
and the title might not make sense and
it's because the song title changed
several times so take this with a grain
of salt
[Music]
the cool thing about liking my older
music and not liking my newer music is
my older music isn't going away and
you're you can totally listen to it no
one's stopping
you I'm doing the stuff that makes me
the most happy right now so my deal is
like maximizing my happiness not so much
yours
[Music]
nah
where's the one
part here it is this this is the part I
like the most out of this
demo StarCraft one Vibes you're so right
what the [__] it wasn't even thinking
about
that that [__] me up a little bit what
the
[__] you're so right that hurt me
[Music]
I didn't really know what to do with
that demo but it was
fun okay this is another one people kept
telling me to finish I don't know if I
will but this the original demo for will
me SL the heritch
[Music]
so after a certain point of the
production cycle all the guitars on uh
monarch of monsters became real
guitars so an example of this is let me
see if I let me see if I can get
the proper demos for wo is
me the herotic let's
[Music]
see so this was the original demo for
what was me the
her like mother like daughter
just a
[Applause]
[__] while this truth in the
[Music]
go so you can hear the guitars in the
background
[Music]
[Applause]
here so those guitars weren't real but
then I was like I'm just going to learn
how to actually play that on guitar so
what kept happening was I would write
things digitally and then I would just
like learn them on guitar so then when
you go over
[Music]
here you can hear that I learned how to
play that Riff on the actual guitar and
now these are
[Music]
real
[Applause]
[Music]
vult and then for that early part not
that
one oh my window management save me
window management
no okay so the original opener for for
the heretic sounded like
[Music]
[Applause]
this and that's when the guitars weren't
real then when the guitars were real it
sounded like
[Music]
this just so much more fluidity and
energy that just doesn't exist in the
digital midi version so like originally
my the first demos had just like midi in
that section and then I re-recorded it
with real guitars later and it just
sounded so much so much better
again I'll play these side by side again
so this is the digital midi
[Music]
[Applause]
version versus when I actually played
the instruments
[Music]
like I can't believe that the original
demo sounded the way it did and like cuz
now it just I just love love that thick
[__]
sound of the guitars um all the amps are
simulated although I do have pedals but
they didn't get used very much the one
petal I did use a lot was was the octave
panel that I have it's just a boss
octaver and uh that's really the main
one I used uh the wolf is a the man hack
siren Citadel siren thing so from
halflife yeah what is this
one so oh okay this is this is a very
interesting one so the um the song that
Survivor skilt became was originally the
demo for princess
koku and uh it's sounded really
different if you can believe
[Music]
it so it says princess C here but this
is this is Survivor guilt
[Music]
like that that was so
strange then do I have the other demos
for Survivor
guil okay and then there's so this is
when I decided to speed it up more
[Music]
but it it won't sound correct just
yet I hadn't adjusted all the pitches of
everything cuz everything was done in
like weird microtonal shifts and stuff
and so it's just going to sound like
weird noise right now in this version
[Music]
and then I sped it up more and and fixed
the pitches
[Music]
more obviously the pitches were still
[__]
up new
demo and now it's kind of like this
[Music]
then of course the final version sounds
like
[Music]
this so compare that to where we started
with this one
[Music]
compare to
it was originally sort of just in the
vein of a of sort of dreary Post Punk
thing but then I started getting really
interested in like trying to make it
sort of new
wavy this was the first demo for what
would become princess
Kaku uh I don't know if I'm going to
play
[Music]
wish deep sleep this part was just empty
here guess I didn't quite know how to
fill that out the working title for
wallflower equation was just called
shrink wrap Factory and it sounded like
this
it stayed pretty much the same here
actually except for the vocals which
were
[Music]
this stay through my
heart it's the best part of the
show the show
[Applause]
[Music]
I knew that was a cool idea but
obviously it needed
reworking then we get into a bunch of
things which are mainly just girls who
are Wizards T what is this
one okay definitely not monarch
[Music]
I don't quite know what that was
for what was this
one this one might have been for Monarch
I couldn't say for sure
[Music]
and there is also
this which was definitely for monarch
[Music]
this is probably from Monarch just given
the D
all this one didn't really go anywhere
but it was a funny
[Music]
thing that's all there was for that
after this we just get into a bunch of
things that ended up being
um just Monarch
itself and in a lot of these I think the
development isn't very very interesting
cuz it mainly just is the versions you
hear
now at Le at least there's
uh I just saw it where was it at least
there's this sit
[Music]
down that was right during the Monarch
sessions so was this
[Music]
is
that what was Funko Pop
[Music]
it's kind of
fun
um how many people are in here 81 it's
less than 100 do you guys want to hear
the first current demo for uh love and
pony step
okay there's two demos for it one's is a
chorus test and one is just the actual
demo so here's the instrumental demo the
song is called my love is a quick
scope do
forever be advised hostile loar
[Music]
in and then the chorus idea I had was
this I recorded this very quickly at
like 4 in the morning my love is
vid's coming back to sing for us on this
one and I even have
uh a piece
from oh my goodness where is
it Neco I'm going in your DMs right
now so I'm having NEOS Snicker do the
art for this one and I'm so [__]
pumped for
this here here's the single art for oh
this is not finished this is a work in
progress but this this shit's crazy dude
I don't know this it's the dsr50 as well
I gave them a reference of the dsr50 so
so vid is actually actually hitting that
trick shot right now this shit's crazy
dude okay wait for this to be
done but uh I think I'll be less
secretive about love and& Pony Stu
because uh this one's less ambitious but
like more
fun more fun and uh kind of just twe
electropop bro step base music like
trash very excited for
it um
you know what I may as well since we're
here less than 100
viewers I have had the the cover art for
love and pony step done for like half
the year
already now the album doesn't have a ton
of progress
yet
but it will soon is my next thing to do
after I finish no matter what for this
year
so guys once again keep us keep keep
keep the secret between
us for the time being just for now
but this is the album
cover for 11 Pony
stop it is
this I'm done by
V and let's let me open this in full
actually
veril pack this
thing to the brim with a trillion
things
like there is just so much [__] in here
it's funny as we had this as
well which uh I didn't ask for this and
I didn't ask for it on the stereo art
for Monarch either both vemal and stereo
just both felt like having this
variation of this
poster um there is a Guitar
Hero there's just so much stuff we got
we got the toenail
clippings we got the [__] toenail
clippings like this [__] is
crazy um big
eyes
um wait
do we yeah okay and over
here the most
beloved of all
time the always and every the h x
Wonka is
canon in the album cover and you have to
cuz this is going to get cropped to one
one one1 uh resolution
and the crop is going to be about
this so it's going to be in there in in
the cover
itself um I am so excited cuz like I
want this this album to sound like
really Bassy and really colorful and
like TW and just just [__] trash pop
dude just like just trash electropop
stuff just make it as
like just just just uh just colorful
just
exciting I feel like I haven't really
leaned into that since probably cutie
marks probably since lesbian ponies with
weapons to be
honest
um
so that's something I'm very excited
about very
much
um it is an MPC 1000 MPC 1000 I think
this just an aai thing that he put
there it's like a one aai one but maybe
it's something else SP 44 I think this
is the DDJ 1,000 question mark actually
we have both SP
404s and then vid has like the really
shitty tiny ass one like the the dollar
store Launchpad it's so it's so
tight vemal sent me like a a a Google do
breakdown of like what all of the these
posters and art things mean and
everything like there is intention
behind all this it's one of the most
impressive things
ever
um I I have to put this away I'm
actually going to like start crying just
look at it because it's just making me
really [__]
emotional oh I love it oh I love it I'm
so excited for loveing Pony stop
um
like I think I talked about this enough
Monarch ruined me Monarch was straight
up not fun to make it it needed to not
be fun to make for obvious reasons but
like it was [__] not fun to make at
all and Paradise Valley was an emotional
ride a lot of [__] stuff was happening
during the making of girls were
Wizards and so like I'm and that that's
coming right out of Carousel too right
like I I'm I'm so happy to to to go back
to making TWY garbage pop music I'm so
excited genuinely and
authentically let's go east why not oh
let's get get some
uh let's get some torches
um yeah you can come with me cuz I think
the thing is is uh again Monarch is the
kind of thing that a lot of music nerds
are going to really like I mean that's
already showing in the
ratings record pre-art ratings and the
ratings are very high and so what I'm
expecting is that once things settle a
lot of people are going to be like a lot
of specific kind of person usually
people who are not fans of me are going
to be like you're finally making [__] I
really like this is actually good can't
wait to hear more and my excitement
could not be any higher over the fact
that I'm going to pull the rug out of
under under those people and give them
love and pony step
next I can't wait to [__] with them so
much BD one of your Lambos are out
it's not
attached it is not
attached that one's attached this one's
not
attached it hasn't been it just chills
here holy [__] so obedient and unusual
and
[Music]
nice Monarch and also technically fish
whisper were albums to prove to like
music nerds that I can do the [__] that
they consider good so I'm like i' I've
said my piece now leave me the [__]
alone I'm making the [__] I actually
love to do the
most monarch is something I wanted to do
for my childhood self because I just
wanted to make a progressive rock
album which then got mixed up with also
wanting to make noise Rock no wave
garbage sludge music and uh
and so I finally fulfilled that I no
longer have to do that for my younger
self now I can move forward all the way
forward girls for wizards was the other
album to fulfill my childhood self and
now we're done we're moving
forward and we're going to make just fun
[__] that I love to do
and I'm so excited for
it um do I need a boat you know what let
me just grab one of these trees really
quickly would not hurt to
have well it wouldn't hurt to have a uh
thing why did I bring the leads with
me okay if I die I lose the leads
I was thinking of having love and pony
step just have a lot of bait and switch
stuff for people who listen to
Monarch there we
go like I'm like what if I did like
[__] new metal meets electropop meets
bro St up like just the most annoying
music you can think
of what if I could do
that just everything that's going to
annoy the fans of Monarch put it all in
one
song and I'll like look these people
straight in the eye and be like this
shit's actually good and you can cry all
the way to the bank about it
B yeah there see here's the thing
Monarch Monarch was the great attractor
and now I'm going to put a bunch of
great filters on everyone and we're
going to see who really gives a [__]
about my
music the truest the
truest of my
listeners care about the variety and
they'll listen to any of
it corn did new metal and bur St but I
mean I would to do
it
better question
mark no do it worse you're you're right
you're right what am I thinking
but
um one of the plans I have for the love
and pony step album is cuz the the music
never stops No Tag is returning
obviously because it's a vid and dub
album but I was thinking one of the the
theme tags SL like motifs would be every
single song on the album has the Black
Ops 2 Navy
SEALS or just the Black Ops 2 seals
announcer and I thought the with the
load star uh kill streak was crazy
considering vid and dub sacrificed
themselves in fairy tale to become the
load
star but now vid's a hostile load star
cuz she's going
crazy do you see my vision I'm like kind
of crazy
yes you could add references to my work
in a video
game I think my main thesis for 11 Pony
step is creating something that's like
super like silly and tongue and cheek
and like the real deal is like it has a
lot to do with
mental health
suffering and so it's like silly and twe
at the Forefront and then if you
consider any of the topics being
discussed in these songs on a deeper
level it starts to hit like emotionally
the severity of the struggle of the
characters
hey I'm a pony stu
oh
we I got to have some Outcast
influence in loveing Pony stuff you you
make a great point
I'm just thinking about just thinking
about Outcast
now okay wait can I can this this is
reminding me a little bit I saw cuz I I
am that person I am like looking at
comment and stuff in places I probably
should just be avoiding but someone who
raid Monarch very
positively said something like why would
you listen to something like blond when
this
exists and that felt like one of the
like I I don't give a [__] if that
person liked Monarch that is one of the
weirdest red flag sentences I've ever
heard in my life
why specifically blonde why specifically
the album about black the black queer
experience would you would you do that
why would why would you say that about
blonde and
specific like damn why are people
getting emotional over blonde when you
could listen to this first of all
because these things are mutually
exclusive that's that's
insane
um second of all of all albums you know
what if you say that about a radio head
album thumbs up I would disagree with
you but sure have at it but blond by
Frank
Ocean Why why that
album it's one of the best albums in
existence for a reason you don't even
have to be black or queer to get it but
if you're either of those
things blonde
[__] pummels you emotionally if you
have empathy
you know what sometimes I don't even
have empathy either but when I do have
empathy that album crushes every bit of
me to
Smither why blonde of all albums would
you say
that it it confuses me so much and this
is this one's less of a problem cuz it
I'd have less problems with this
statement but someone else was like this
just like swans if it were good
why are you guys putting down my
favorite
artists to compliment me this is this is
a constant this is a constant thing that
happens all the time it's like you know
that like
saying that this is like my favorite
artist if it was good suggests that by
definition maybe my work isn't good
either because you're insulting the
reason why this art exist to begin with
and like I'm going to be honest if you
don't like swans but you like a monarch
why how how does this happen they
they're they're very tightly
interwoven I don't know like
the a lot of the discourse of people who
dislike the Monarch
stuff is easier to wrap my head around
especially cuz everything I've done
about this album is like going to be
divisive but the people who like the
album and they're saying [__] like this
I don't understand like that actually
upsets me you're not helping
anything back when it was like things
like cutie marks and fresh whisper and
stuff people were saying the same thing
about PTO Robinson like this is p
Robinson was good this art doesn't exist
without Porter
Robinson what are you saying
like it's different from P Robinson but
not different enough that you can
suddenly find a million times more value
in what I'm doing you know what I mean
it's
like there's there there's so much
inspiration that I'm wearing on my
sleeve how how does this how do you say
this and even if I
wasn't I don't know that's that's the
stuff that really continues to get to me
islands and with girls her Wizards it
wasn't as much as with all these other
albums but I did see at least a couple
people being
like this is Skrillex is SKR WIS
go I I want people to not downplay the
swan's influence I'm I'm very proud of
it not only that but I I don't want to
downplay any of the influences at all
especially the Le League of Legends
comparison I I want to do that so tongue
and
cheek like no this is like basically the
Kindred album but my
version I'm Not Afraid of wearing my
Inspirations on my sleeve cuz that's
valuable in
art art doesn't exist a vacuum I'll say
this every day of my life
I tend to gravitate towards working on
music that's like inspired by whatever
I'm listening to at the time
I'm so curious about this generation
it's so
fascinating this one is all Slinky and
lanky this is very broad but with like
thick
Islands why is this Madagascar
shaped genuinely why is this Madagascar
shaped
it's like on the east side of the land
too are we sure this isn't just
Madagascar yeah shout out to the Sahara
Desert known as the big ass [__] ice
wall does this mean I have to play a
geoguesser tonight cuz I'm uh doing
geography [__] right
now I think I just found Madagascar
bratty don't get
me now you're I
phoning just like I mean this in the
most genuine loving way but like I think
the people who are trying too hard to
defend
me on these websites are being far more
annoying than the people
dissenting most people either just can I
have my bir
most people either have just a small a
short quippy angry comment to make about
the album or the album cover and that's
it whereas a lot of the people who are
trying really hard to defend me and I
say this with love cuz again I I I
appreciate it that people are willing to
go to bat for me but like everyone just
kind of sounds like a nerd Emoji like
it's not that big of a deal people
aren't not everyone's going to like it
and I specifically enjoy doing things
that will filter people I I specifically
like doing things that will piss certain
people off I don't make inoffensive art
I I live to offend people that probably
deserve to be
offended
um
like the best way to combat that
toxicity is to just talk about the
things you like you don't have to fight
these
people their opinions even if
misinformed are still opinions
and it is hurtful when it feels like
people are misunderstanding me and are
not respecting what I'm trying to do but
at the same time it is not as if they
are targeting me
vem and trying to cause problems they're
mainly just saying I didn't like this or
this makes me feel weird or this is
garbage like what whatever
it's not a big
deal it it is it is
interesting which people are
closed-minded but I would say that's
interesting because it is it doesn't
really mean anything beyond being
interesting to
me just like interesting that they think
these things and I disagree with a lot
of the criticisms one of the main
criticisms is like sludge is too long
and it bogs down the
album um which is a valid feeling to
have I I don't think that anything I
could say would tell them that they're
wrong because that's the way the album
made them feel nice Dylan tall Cham
shout out holy [__] how's it
going oh my goodness it's been a while
since I've seen a video of
yours but uh they're some of my
favorites I get
like I get so bored by a lot of like
music producer Style
videos yours are like one of the only
ones that can actually maintain my
attention because you have interesting
things to
say so I appreciate it shout
out
um my goodness batty please be
careful fatty faddy get
down I'm trying to help
you
won okay we're safe
nice um I completely forgot what I was
saying something about these was
something about the
reception oh sludge I was talking about
sludge uh if it were like like it's it's
too long and it bogs down the album and
it's a completely valid
thing valid criticism because it's a
that's how they feel but I I could make
a very long dissertation on why Sledge
is the way that it is it does meander
and it doesn't particularly focus on one
thing because I didn't want it to
I can't remember when I first saw your
videos but it was probably in the co era
potentially but uh I'm very honored to
hear
that also sludge is meant to make you
feel pain it makes it it it it's meant
to make you feel
strained and I I feel like hearing that
and then going into Revenge fantasy
after is such a whiplash of emotions
that I just I just adore it I I'll
defend those decisions but it's valid if
other people disagree with them I feel
like people tend to disagree on things
that I intended
on very rarely are people disagreeing on
things that I didn't
intend cuz like yeah it does
meander if you don't like that it
meanders that's
fine but I intended it it's meant to
drag on it's meant to make you just feel
labored it's another criticism which was
like this is produced like
EDM and it like kind of is I very much
mix things to be basier and
punchier and I have a lot of like
awareness of like phase relationships
and all sorts of stuff like that so it's
going to feel a little bit more produced
than something similar I was comparing
loudness is with uh to be kind and like
my album was much louder and far more
compressed than TB kind but I wanted it
to sound that way I was like cuz what if
we could have this
music done from this perspective oh
bad oh n
The
Disappearance the Curious disappearance
of batty
battington
sorry bad's technical name is baddy M
Batterson
right okay it's baddy Friday
baew baew okay uh bad was telling me at
one point that when it was playing
Roblox I think it was natural disaster
survival someone called Bat Barry b a r
r
y it was one of the best things ever
apparently cuzz T and R are right next
to each other
there yes but you you would much prefer
to be called Barry over
Betty I continually think about that one
post that's like my friend came out as
trans and I want to support her and I
totally do but am I am I a problem
because she wants to be called Mildred
[__]
mild it's so real
and you know what I agree [__]
mildre and that's exactly why I named
one of my characters
pford honestly everyone's just saying
thank God it's Friday now or actually
everyone one person but that's everyone
to me
your new name is Friday my name is
Tuesday all the names in the world you
go with mild it is it is it is a
question mark to behold but you know
what happiness is happiness
this is just a very strange like
structure structure where are we we're
not even a th000 blocks away from Spawn
really wow okay
oh we know what the FX
says also sorry cuz now I'm thinking
about what the what Does the Fox Say to
whoever was talking about P Robinson
tickets I hope he does this for your
show but he interpolated Opa Gangam
Style into one of his songs
and it was kind of
fire yes
fre if I ever if I ever tour if I ever
do live shows I promise during at least
one of the serious songs I will
interpolate oh I will interpolate Gangam
Style let's say for the sake of the
argument I play slge somehow 22 minutes
I don't even know if I have the stamina
for that but let's say for the sake of
the
argument that I play Sledge
well it could be and the last thing they
heard was OHA gam
style you know
I think BTY failed to catch up with me
it is attempting to process the words I
just
spoke I'll uh take the lyrics too I'll
I'll do princess caku live which is
probably terrifying but instead of the
lyrics or princess koku I'll just like
recite able nation's sale instead
nobody has heard if anyone in the
audience hasn't heard the original song
they just won't know let oh this this is
a weird this is
like this is the noise rock version of a
sale that's
nice this is the problem this is why you
guys can't give me like a platform to
perform this [__] cuz let's do
this like what was it I played Big Time
the Big Time Rush theme in 2017 at
BronyCon did I do a funny troll in 2019
I don't even remember I don't think I oh
my goodness
gracious I actually did do a troll in
2019 I showed someone I blocked on in
the visuals
during uh history of the Wonderbolts
remix was like the one like alt-right
kid who was like threatening people at
the
con so it's like it wasn't a musical
troll but it was a it was a troll of
sorts
also don't take my word for it cuz I
can't quite remember but I think I used
the gusher in Monarch
somewhere so that's
nice like there basically isn't going to
to be a project I do where I don't sh
post at least a little
bit this is such an interesting
structure hold
on like just this ring of of
stone I yearn for the
mines give me coal give me soot give me
workers's rights Stripped Away as fast
as
possible did you say it's kind of pone
Henge
that one
Poland
PKA I don't even know what we're looking
for at this
o the beautiful beautiful Cove
oh the beautiful beautiful Cove is gone
forever because fun is not allowed in
the world of uh me
also now that I have made like I'm Creek
flow I am going to do more stupid [__]
like that again like I used
to oh it's Porter Robinson's house let's
go Fortune shovel funny
world I think I may have said this
already in the previous stream but I'm
also going to do like stupid [__]
like toy videos on my Instagram again
where just make things in my room talk
to each
other I just missed [__] around like
that owie wow
I saw a review for I'm cek fo someone
just being like this like emotionally
affected me I don't care if it's like
silly I almost have like that's really
that's really
sweet I'm happy for that I'm happy for
them it is not a potato it was a
bread it's
bread I should feed the creeper or I
should feed the
batter will there be an I Am the Monarch
hold on okay I need to I need to give
the context for this one again I shared
this yesterday but it's just so [__]
funny so there was this
comment that I got on YouTube and
YouTube has been doing like yeah the the
autogenerated like responses that you
can leave for people and just
like
what it it's suggesting that I can say
try listening to I Am the Monarch on
repeat for an extra boost of
motivation can you shut up what do you
mean where does this come from what is I
Am the
Monarch what is that I don't know what
that
is it's just making [__]
up like what are you talking talk about
that's really
nice I Am the Monarch that's really
nice on can we where's some of the other
ones
here cuz there are some other
ones oh wait I saw this
today the two most important
questions um there was this one
no come back it's just like only a third
of the way there wow what a range of
talent you have I can only really
internalize the words after a few
listens through but on the musical sound
alone this is probably the most
impressive album I've heard all year I
know
okay oh thank you that is such a
wonderful and specific compliment
I
know it's like so mean but it's like not
this is so
mean I don't I don't know
um the Wallflower equation was so good I
got so many go
pumps it was the best equation for me
too
it was the best equation for me
too that's my favorite
equation like who the [__] help
me this this was on on PVP boss or pre
or PVP boss help
me I appreciate having the keyboard cam
on the corner that is really
helpful it's for the
noobs I actually forgot to show you my
keyboard
hello this thing this was to cast
people this thing just supp to cast
people so much actually forgot to show
you my keyboard it's like right there in
the
thumbnail I actually forgot to show you
my
keyboard and like some of these have
like proper like capitalization some of
them
don't it's more the noobs
anyway that it's just [__] me up so
much oh that like ruins my stomach from
just like
heaving I'm not using a sword because I
want to save for this I'm not using a
sword because I want to save for this
see my favorite thing is just responding
I know to like things when it's not a
question or a sentence that benefits
from being answered with the phrase I
know like if someone asks me a yes or no
question just be like hey what's your
favorite this or that I
know where were you on the night of
December 3rd uh
2006 I
know like not as an I know I have the
knowledge of this information just I
know that you said that I'm aware that
you just asked that question
ah I love
Bulgaria so many places to piss and
[__] what mod pack is this I
know are you in
Bulgaria Bulgaria is just on my mind
because I'm doing my half lifee 2
playthrough again
so what is what is a biome we've not
found
yet we haven't found the Badlands biome
we haven't found the uh
a swamp biome
this is just a
problem
just what about the good L
bi airplanes in the okay never never
mind they're not
there why did I read that as Balkans
we're we were just talking about we're
just talking about Europe now it
seems I wish Bosnia were real
okay well the Falon islands are a very
different
conversation
L for
Luigi and luio
thank you for touching the
ant you may now touch a beetle
next nice
all is quiet on the Mei
M okay
21 I I lost me too baddy don't don't you
worry you can TP me
yes or yes no you have to ask yes or no
questions only or else you have to
change your
name Minecraft
fall is violet a low taper fade I
know holy [__] Lord of the Rings
all
I just want to find something
interesting
bombs I've just decided I'm going to
build the smartest phone of all time
and we're calling it
iPhone Guys
I don't think I can keep it a secret any
longer but this is my surprise to you
I'm building an airport in real
life I hope that's okay I don't have any
permits they don't even know I'm doing
it I'm just just like I'm well no one's
using this area of
land I think I'm just going to build an
airport surprise
surprise I know even been I know you've
been waiting for
it I know it's been on your
mind you think when will Violet Pony
build airport I will tell you right
now there is a place in New
Mexico and it was just land that was at
and I said to myself I'm going to build
an airport
here it's called The Violet
airport and we have 12
planes you can walk there if you want to
and then take a plane the only way it
goes is just around in a circle and then
lands in after the circle which is
good you can work
there
sure stop hitting I'm normal on
stuff
yes can I help
you help
H sorry I spelled it
wrong you could say I know to questions
like where what is the gate number but I
kind of am in huh
I'm kind of interested in the idea of
some like well what's the gate number
and just saying thank you very
much great what do I win
nothing oh what get out
woo just kidding that's
fine just want to feel kill something
for
once oh you're jumping for joy
where is
everything excuse me hold on a
second excuse me on a
second oh who the secret the secret
there's an ancient dog attacking you in
this game
do I get like anything cool from killing
them what the
[__] the Villager just like jumped down
three flights of stairs it's like it's
like why did you do that just like be
normal
buddy can you stay right here I want to
teleport so I can empty my inventory and
then come back
huh
no
no no no why would you do this
no no
oh no no there's no way you did this to
me
oh yes
okay
nice that was so
friendly B straight just said jump jump
you fool
I jumped in the water when I built the
towers normal sentence people have
said tweet tweet oh so true
total yoe Island
okay why are you a
child budy what did you do
[Music]
maybe oh nice
stairs okay guys what are we calling
this Village
we already celing poo Alto we already
did
it I love that they live right next to
the enormous
sinkhole John John F Kennedy Cottage
KGAN balls to a green I kind of like
John F Kennedy
College you know really you really got
to put your head into into naming these
ones John F Kennedy College
all this and still no new
biomes where to go from
here thank you that's really nice of
you yeah
if you guys want the next Village we
named Obama we can name it Obama
too north east
south South
maybe h
no I refuse to
partake well well will will it's R and
Morty time
whoa
[Music]
a funny cave
no no stop it
I wonder if canny will ever make a great
return thank you
hello
bro anyway uh C's been gone so long now
that I wonder I think like we got to do
the uh the character knockout challenge
again and see if Kenny would still win
oh the dangers
oh
[__] I lost my
water Where's my
water where are we going I
guess this is all going to be dark oak
thank you for water
hold
on
um I kind of want to see if we can make
the uh The
Knockout thing on
stream real quick we can figure out
who's
where and then we can do a trial run
with just everyone in the Stream
not the official one but a trial
one let's
see do a I'm predicting top five videos
will will have a suite because
uh that's the one everyone seems to be
very that's the one everyone seems to be
very excited about the most and vids
just like hog the spotlight now for two
albums in
coming
see I'll open up the old knockout
challenge thing and then replace it
replace some of the art with newer
ones and
uh replace some of the non characters
like the Scootaloo and stuff with like
characters that I really did actually
make
let's
see so this was the these were the
results last
time we disqualified FL gai for being
too easy at the time I don't even think
that would be the case anymore but
so let's
see everything on the left side's
probably
valid so we change that this
those ones oh wait I should
do just delete
that so I think
we or do
we we might even have to expand the the
list a little
bit I think we would remove we remove DJ
goober
[Music]
um and
then God I feel like we would need
more so many new characters have
happened let's see okay let's think we
need we need wolf Arya Cadence Shelly
Lampert maybe even pford but people
don't really know pford so that's a
question
mark could have
a p and quar but again kind of a just a
little thing I think technically Petri
and stinkle Bug once you get to these
ones it's like these are characters that
less people are going to be attached to
I think so
far where we see their return of plop
this is this is this is plop spiritual
return as a
shy there's kadenza oh goodness there is
technically kadenza
damn we would have to like narrow these
down because not all of these would be
perfect for the The
Knockout I think in a
way the Trixie Pacifica might get
removed cuz it's less of a lore
character not really character anyone's
really attached to or anything so maybe
we're moving that one too so I think we
can rule these ones out so 1 2 3 four
five slots and six
here can we include can open's parents I
I don't think so oh [__] tiberious no
way yeah we would need
more we would definitely need more
what
else let me look through here I feel
like that covers the major
ones there's lots of little ones but not
terribly not terribly is adding 328
we're not adding
328 oh my God our favorite corpse so
true
um okay
so this is seven we have 1 two three
four five slots
here how would we do
this quick FL is over here we change the
art
though oh no we don't have five slots
top five videos this goes there oh
no it's cuz I was changing the art for
that one
[__] oh no we're not adding the gush as
a
character
um okay so let's let's just
say oh how would we do these matchups
either we could do wolf and Arya facing
off
here that's that's a funny
idea
um tiberious could go against Raina I
think
oh no no no no no
no Cadence Cadence and versus Raina
makes the most
sense and
then tiberias can go over here
and
so that leaves Shelly Lambert and C
Cadenza I feel like we could rule out
Cadenza
unfortunately that might change as
people grow into the album a bit more
but who
knows
um which just leaves us with Lampard and
Shelly how do we put that in that in a
knockout like
this yeah rip
Cadenza
um I have an
idea I have an idea yeah shelper as a
singular character
so we could combine vid and dub and
Stella and Kai into one
thing does that sound like a reasonable
thing to
do and then we could put wolf in ARA
together and then we can maybe add
someone
else okay so let's
do Stella and
Kai and let's just
do
that and let's
remove from
here
wolf well Arya goes first so Arya and
wolf
um and we were doing vid and
dub which means we could
have S
and lamper over
here let's do this uh let's call this
2025 why
not and then
uh I feel like there's going to be a
bias between AR and wolf so I feel like
we should move Saturn over here
so wait did this get [__]
up
there
okay
so these are all
covered and we have one slot we can put
against
EO Cadenza is an option
but
um we could put Petri cor which people
don't really have haven't really gotten
to know yet Cadenza which people haven't
really gotten to know yet pford which
people really haven't gotten to know yet
but um people might have opinions
on there also the dub spot oh true oh
goodness thank
you well if that's the
case why don't we get pford and Cadenza
in here
I I am I am willing to put pford against
lul
Moon and Cadenza can go up
here
okay so let's put these
together here's our Cadenza art by btim
MC batter B so true me
reg Cadenza versus Cadence we're not
doing that but that'll be so [__]
[__]
up Shelly and Lampard uh the only one we
have of both them together probably some
that were sent in the wiki chat and also
the ones I was
drawing so
let's
see any of the uh the Wicky editors do
we know if we if there's if anyone's
drawn sh h
I'm trying to find the art I did only
the ones I've
done okay let see if I can find it real
quick there we
go let's just edit this so it's just the
the main art
we could technically put meiaa in
there but not to
be okay Cadence or we have to you know
what Cadence art we have to
use this isn't really a
bait to be
had
Christ okay
Tiberius B just drew Tiberius let me
grab it
the one with
the B do you think we should use the art
you just or should we use just the the
common the the the common uh Tiberia
stock
photo is your DEC decision I think more
people would be able to cuz I'm looking
the one you did is pretty stylized so
like actually I feel like the uh just
the stock photo will be more
recognizable
the art is still so
good where's
tarus where is tarus where is
tarious you know what's funny is just
like I haven't gotten a lot of art of
tiberious done because I just used the
[__] stock Pho we're going to have to
get actual official art for tarus soon
okay I think I'm going to see about
different Creek flow
art Creek flow has been developed quite
a bit more
since I think B you have some C art that
would
make looking for it now
where is the cph one I might just Ty
find oh God I forgot poo
exists guys don't
listen just don't just just pretend poo
doesn't exist okay
do we have to add
py I shouldn't have said
anything great great
Scott please add py
I guess what would make sense then is to
group feather Dan and
Raina this is a spoiler don't even worry
about about
it oh n
okay so I
guess I guess where is Raina I guess
[__] putting it versus Cadence just
because we know Cadence will win right
guys if Cadence loses first first round
it's kind of
over our two [__] Lords together are
the last
let's let's get pord in here yeah
pford let's
go so this is just a preliminary when
we're doing this it's just a preliminary
one we'll do an official one in the
super Pony World server but this is so
we can
uh just get an idea of what's going to
happen
and okay
now what do we have
here we're looking for vid and
du there is a
lot to choose
from looking for the best of the
art for this representation
I think this is a this is a good one I
think this is a pretty fire
one let's just use
that I'll open the book of cadence later
this is such a powerful Duro
like this at this stage in the Violet
Pony lore I don't know who's going to be
able to beat vidard dub
but like they're just so powerful their
Aura is so like unbeatable at this point
but we're going to see
can we
get B sort of dominated
the the art on this knockout can we
potentially get one from a different
artist
maybe okay we'll get the stereo one
okay are the artist CS correct yeah yep
yep yep
yep yep yep yep yeah yeah yep yep yep
yep yep yep okay are correct
okay
wa
Okay so
start a
pull okay you guys
ready
uh first
up AO versus
Cadenza
go zoom in
oh wow e was pulling ahead all of a
sudden well not ahead but the
discrepancy is very large I feel like
it's safe to say kadeta wins already but
let's let's wait another second
I think that goes to Cadenza it would
seem all right Cadenza you're moving up
in the
world
okay our first Duo battle oh wait I
forgot to change the art for these twoo
hold on
I think we can just zoom out
technically I hope I didn't crop it I
cropped
it remember bring that one
no more
crop only
real this is going to be an interesting
vote
okay let's do start pull here we go
Stella and Kai versus s and
lamper
go oh my
god
um
okay wow
I think I can call it I'm going to wait
another second but I think I can call it
oh oh [__]
whoa who took their vote away someone
unoted yeah that's shell and Lambert we
can call it
let's sh
Lambert yeah sorry St and
Kai oh my Lord Oh my
days all right this I wonder what's
going to happen with
this pry versus Cadence
go okay wa might see a tougher battle on
this one
potentially kadence is winning but like
not by the biggest margin
ever oh my God it's getting close guys
oh my
God the contention the contention
hold on one
second
okay Cadence is as is maintaining her
stride I think I have to keep letting
this one go just a little bit though
I think we can call it I think it's safe
to call
it
yeah yep that's
that that was that was a tougher battle
than it needed to
be Cadence for the
win it would seem oh I just realized if
it's streaming for 9 hours I've been
progressively beating every single
subsequent streaming
record this is now the longest I've
streamed ever in my
life okay this should be
interesting Creek Flow versus
Tiberius let us
begin I don't know who's going to pull
ahead on this one
this one's kind of anyone's
game wait can I vote I can't vote in the
pole everyone else
can oh tiberious is getting kind of
[__] up right
now I mean it makes sense tiberious
hasn't shown up in an album before cck
flow has
Carousel
so that makes sense that's yeah that's
an easy
sweep that is an easy sweep Creek
flow oh look at this matchup was going
to be
crazy okay moving on to the right
side I don't think this one's going to
be much of a competition just in case it
is let's try our
best let's try our best
here Spectre versus been in D I feel
like I don't even need to do this poll
but go for it guys it's all you not
democracy
happen oh
my oh my God
I think Spectre versus vid D is the
biggest discrepancy in votes I've ever
seen so
far spector's getting
murdered yeah that's that's enough I've
seen
enough I've seen
enough no more leave the poor boy
alone okay
feather dance and
Raina versus
canny let's see how much staying power
cany has had after two years of no no
content okay Kenny winning pretty hard
yeah that is a lot of staying power
happy to see everyone still loves candy
okay that's
enough
okay here's a funny one do not be afraid
to vote against Lula Moon do not be
afraid
pford versus
Lon go
oh
[__] whoa it was tied for a
second oh no we got to have a pill for
album
yeah okay I think that's a little
Moon tford you were only born yesterday
but we still love
you
okay in my heart I feel like this one's
going to be a sweep too
but maybe I'm
wrong maybe everyone loves Saturn
go this might be recen SE bias this one
might actually be recenty bias but it's
definitely not recenty
bias I promise Saturn is a character I
developed
like when I was not as good at devel
developing characters Saturn does just
Rel ly uninteresting to most
people she's a little bit too
subtle but uh yeah okay Aran
wolf Arya and wolf okay this is our
first this is our first
Roundup cadens is going to go
head-to-head with Shelly and Lambert
cadens is going to go head to-head
between Creek FL
itself vad dub versus Cy this is the
matchup we're all curious about and Lula
Moon versus Arian
wolf
okay all
right start a pole Cadenza versus
S and
lber go
oh Cadenza oh no
cenza will you be dying a second time
this
evening oh no I'm actually surprised how
much people love kadenza though like
this is closer than I would expect
here's the thing also I'm going to save
this these the results here and then
when we do the full one in super Pony
world we're going to see how accurately
the super Pony world votes reflect the
chat vote
tonight you know what okay I think Shel
and lert wins
but I'm kind of pleased at how many
votes Cadenza
got
okay shell
part as usual something I come up with
in like two minutes is the most popular
thing oh man
okay all
right live your honest truth guys on
this
one cence versus Creek
flow
go I don't even know what's going to
happen with this one I really
don't the votes aren't coming in for
me oh there they are oh Creek flow oh
Cadence oh the poor dog
oh
wow oh wow
okay oh I was expecting this to be
closer I was expecting this to be closer
okay calling the
vote I'm so sorry
Patty Greek FL wins
all right to me so far this is the
matchup of the
century this is the big
one this this will test everyone I
think be honest and be real because it's
vidden dub versus
canny
go oh wow this one's going to be
interesting
okay oh man this is really
close oh my God oh my
God oh my
God guys this look too close I can't
just call it right now
oh my
God 56 votes there's 90 93 people
watching right
now oh my
God that's like teetering between little
percentages oh my
god oh
[Music]
no this one's actually so
close this section has not yet been
called by AP
guys I don't think any more votes are
coming
in I'll give it 30 more seconds I have
my second
counter 20 seconds
seconds all
right and that's
KY
somehow still
legendary oh
wow oh my beloved meow meow perhaps one
day
okay so lul
Moon versus Aran wolf no one's going to
lift that one
down go
this one's very close too not as
close even with the comics you haven't
found kidship in Lula moon from the
comics think about the comics
and the funniest thing is like this is
technically just
me it's
like yeah okay I think that's I think I
think we're we have a
result Aran
wolf you know what this battle's going
to
be this is where we
stand this is where we
fall are you ready for your
truth Here
Comes s and lamp
versus how how are Shelly and leard
here versus Qui FL c c flow
okay get it in
there while those votes are coming I'm
like who who is the winner again in this
slot
surprisingly Trixie
Pacifica I think cek Flur wins though
sorry shelper
fans yeah that's an easy
call Here Comes Creek flow for the first
time ever in the finals
quick flow lost in the first round of
the of the of The Knockout I
think no second second one L Trixie
Pacifica C W over DJ goober though
so all right KY versus Arya and
wolf have fun
oh my God it keeps flip
floing oh my
God it's 50/50 for me at 40
votes Kitt he's just pulling ahead whoa
this one's really close for some
reason holy [__] it's by 2% it's tied
it's tied it's tied it's TI it's
TI it's tied it keeps tying keeps
it keeps
dying oh my
god oh Katy Kitt's now just barely
pulling
through oh it's so close oh it's even
closer is it going to tie again there's
no
way there's no way it's going to tie
again it [__] tied
again what is
happening what is
happening it's tied again
what
is I'm just a disbelief right
now record
turnout I think we got to keep waiting
it's just like a discrepancy of 1% on
both
ends oh my God
okay you have
until 50 seconds from now
it's tied
again 30 seconds oh my
God what the
[__] 20 seconds
seconds
done it's an
actual wait no KY pulled through at the
last
second KY won by 1%
wow okay because it said 5050 when I
ended
it cuz 50 and 49 doesn't even make
sense Let's do let's let's try this
let's do it again we're going to do a
recount and if we still get
50/50 we're going to do a quain TOs
this is crazy this is actually
crazy
okay think carefully
Now canny versus Arian wolf round
two
begin just we're voting for favorite not
best
fighter that wouldn't be fair because
Ario would
win the poll is not updating for
me oh oh my God it's no it's going to
hit 50/50
again oh my
god oh oh
no
oh Arian wolf pulling
ahead
oh oh
what's
happening 60 seconds we're going now 60
seconds it's this contentious
seconds I don't know if we're getting
any more
votes 20 seconds
10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2
1 and it's AR and wolf just
barely holy
[__]
wow it is still missing a 1% but the
percent discrepancy no longer matters
like it did in the previous
one holy
[__] that was I don't think we saw
anything that close in any of the
previous ones I wonder what the official
one is going to
be when we do it in super Pony
world
okay here you
go also Cy only uses the mainly the them
pronouns noty
her um
okay so isn't this
poignant isn't this
poignant all three are part of the same
comic
Cannon they're here at
last who will it be
Creek
Flow
versus Aran
wolf
begin okay
this one's not as
close and it might be shrimal to call
it this one is the highest voter turnout
of all of these votes so far
votes okay
out
okay I'm calling a
Creek FL
wins and because Creek FL
wins what better way to celebrate
done with its theme
songow I'm cre flow I'm cre flow I'm cre
flow I'm fre flow I'm flow I'm cre
flow yeah I'm cre flow I'm cre flow I'm
flow I'm cre flow I'm flow I'm slow I'm
cre
flow yeah I'm cre flow I'm cre flow I'm
cre flow I'm cre flow I'm cre flow I'm
flow I'm cre flow
yeah
I'm I'm flow
I'm
I'm I'm flow I'm flow I'm creep
flow yeah I'm cre flow I'm cre flow I'm
cre flow I'm cre flow I'm cre flow I'm
flow I'm cre
flow yeah I'm cre flow I'm cre flow
I'm flow I'm flow I'm flow I'm flow I'm
[Music]
flow I'm flow I'm cre flow I'm cre flow
I'm cre flow I'm cre flow I'm flow I'm
cre
flow yeah I'm cre flow I'm FL I'm FL I'm
cre flow I'm SL I'm slow I'm cre
slow
[Music]
[Applause]
yeah so beautiful so lovely and uh
congratul K and winning the preliminary
voting stage for the V opponent
character
knockout
however I will accept the alternate
universe
proposed if we were to
assume canny instead
one dude what would
happen FL versus cany
go oh my
God whoa
you have 40 seconds 50 seconds sorry
seconds oh my
God what I think this says though is
that a lot has happened since fish
Whisperer you know what I mean
4 3 2 one
zero once
again Creek FL Wis
[Music]
I'm C I'm C I'm C
C I'm C I'm C I'm C I'm C I'm cre
I'm
I'm I'm cre I'm cre I'm Creer I'm Creer
I'm Creer
[Music]
p
nice CER wins again
now
assuming KY didn't
win Arian wolf didn't
win dude what would
happen Creek FL versus vid
go
whoa what's
happening Creek
flow cow
pull
Wizards it's going to happen
again wait
[Music]
oh [__] it was tied for just a second
oh it keeps it keeps it
keeps 60 Seconds
just
wow 30 seconds
and
time when
[Music]
[Applause]
I'm I'm SL I'm SL I'm I'm I'm SL I'm I'm
yeah oh my God
[Music]
[Applause]
I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm slow I'm slow
I'm slow yeah I'm slow I'm slow I'm slow
I'm I'm slow I'm slow I'm slow I'm slow
yeah I'm slow I'm slow I'm SL
I'm
yeah yeah
[Music]
I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm
I'm nice
let's put everyone back let's put
everyone
back
now
now now a
surprise a surprise is waiting for you
here
because I have a surprise for
you are you ready for the
surprise hold on I'll tell you what it
is in just a
moment I have to get to the
folder nice
nice
okay
now now list
now for the sake of the
argument what if we assumed that who
actually won
was 328
who would
win
go the The
Corpse you heard it right oh my God
please
what is this
happening no this this can't be
close this can't be
close 328 is just
dead it's just a it's just a corpse this
is a dead
body who would
win why is why is it 6 to
38% why is it even this
close okay I don't think I need to I
don't think I need to wait on this one
but but it's
okay GRE FL wins I think I suppose I
don't know if it was a fair fight he
chose a corpse over fit of d
well I can't stop drinking oil I can't
stop drinking oil I just can't stop I
can't stop drinking oil you com barrels
can't stop drinking it I just can't
it'sing it's indicting is a
dely I can't stop
drinking I can't stop cing it down stop
drinking
no
okay no no it's okay it's
okay
now now now listen here
now listen
here hold on I'm looking for
it hold
on
now now wait a
second now wait a
second where is it
where is this
creature there we
go now
assuming the only person against Greek
flow
was
lamper what would we
say what what would we
say
go immediately by Lampert
whoa
leard
leard Li's Drawing
Near Shadow versus light source true
I think CA just continually
wins okay I'll call
it I'll call
it Creek FL wins a fourth
time fourth time Creek FL
wins and you know what that means
just the phrase the famous and that's
it holy [__] we did make it to a 10 hour
stream nice
gay
Luigi this this is this is what was on
screen as the stream hit 10
hours holy [__] why am I not
tired there's something wrong with
me okay well
this is the truth of the stream at
least Creek Flow versus Aran wolf wins
Creek flow cek
flow much has
changed much has changed in the last two
years
this
this this battle was legendary
though this battle was legendary and
this battle was legendary and this one
this this side did not have a lot of
competition but with this side we're
hard hitters
mainly we do dubd versus Kitty for real
well we already know that craf would win
against V and
tub
so
okay I think I will end the stream
though I think 10 hours is
enough it was a very very fun 10 hours
will I do that again probably not let's
hope
not but uh next stream we should
be next stream we should
be finishing black Mesa most
likely so uh
yeah thanks for coming
never doing a 24-hour stream never
never good night